Application for Anticipatory Bail under section 438, Cr PC


In the Court of the Sessions Judge at Howrah

AB son of MN resident of  …   Petitioner

Versus…………………….

The State of West Bengal …	Respondent

The humble petition of the petitioner above-named

MOST RESPECTFULLY SHEWETH:

1. That a burglary was said to have been committed in a village which is contiguous to the village Dhubli where the petitioner’s house is situated on the night of 6th June 2010.

2. That the owner of the house, in which the burglary had been committed, has enmity with the petitioner for several years over landed properties and he is trying to implicate the petitioner in the said dacoity case falsely. 

3. That the petitioner has reasons to believe that your petitioner may be arrested on accusation of having committed the said offence of burglary which is a non-bailable offence by police at the instance of the said owner of the house where burglary is said to have been committed.

4. That the petitioner undertakes to obey all the conditions mentioned in clauses (i) to (iii) of sub-sec. (2) of section 438, Cr PC and to obey any other conditions if imposed by Your Honour. 

5. In the circumstances your petitioner prays that Your Honour may be graciously pleased to issue a direction to the Officer-in-Charge of Police Station Dhubli that in the event of your petitioner being arrested he may be released on bail on any conditions that Your Honour may be pleased to impose on your petitioner.

6. And your petitioner, as in duty bound, shall ever pray.

Verification

I, AB, son of MN, residing at ……………, Howrah ……… do hereby solemnly affirm and say as follows:

I am the petitioner above-named. I know the facts and circumstances of the case.

The statements in paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4 of the foregoing petition are true to my knowledge and belief.

I sign this verification on this 7th day of June 2010 at the Court House in Howrah. 


Solemnly affirmed by the said AB on this 10th day of June 2010 at Court House in Howrah.


Before me

Notary/Magistrate



