Application for Anticipatory Bail before Sessions Judge


In the Court of Sessions Judge at ……………
Criminal Misc. Case No. ………. of  ……

In the matter of:
An application for anticipatory bail under section 438 of the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973

And 

In the matter of:
AB……………….………	  Petitioner

versus

The State of West Bengal ……… Respondent
The humble petition of the petitioner above-named

MOST RESPECTFULLY SHEWETH:

1. That the petitioner is a senior Government servant working under the Central Government in the Department of Customs and Excise.

2. That in connection with his official duties he has to undertake various raids against criminals and anti-socials.

3. That some known criminals of the area, namely, …………… hatched a conspiracy to harass and malign your petitioner in public by implicating him by and in lodging an FIR at the Police Station at ……….

4. That the petitioner being a permanent Government servant has no chance of going underground and if necessary he shall co-operate with the police in investigation and anticipatory bail be granted to your petitioner.

5. That if no anticipatory bail is granted he shall suffer irreparable injury.

6. That the petitioner undertakes to abide by all the terms and conditions of the order of bail if passed.


7. Hence it is prayed that Your Honour will be pleased to grant the petitioner anticipatory bail and pass such other order or orders as Your Honour deem fit and proper. 

8. And for this act of kindness your petitioner shall ever pray. 

Advocate of  AB										AB

Verification
I, AB, son of MN, residing at ………………………………… do hereby solemnly affirm and say as follows:

I am the petitioner above-named. I know the facts and circumstances of this case.

The statements in paragraphs 1 to 6 hereinabove in the petition are true to my knowledge and belief.

I sign this verification on this 7th day of June 2000 at Howrah. 

Solemnly affirmed by the said AB on  this  7th  day  of June 2000 at 
Court House at .........................							AB	

Before me
Notary/Magistrate 

