Bail Petition before a Magistrate during Police Enquiry under s. 437, Cr PC


In the Court of …………… Magistrate  ………

The State …………………

versus

Accused AB son of TZ, Village: …………… Thane: ………

In the matter of petition for bail of accused AB, during police enquiry

The humble petition of AB the accused above-named

MOST RESPECTFULLY SHEWETH:

1……..That your petitioner was arrested by the police on 5th March 2000 on mere suspicion. That nearly a month has passed after the arrest but still the Investigating Police Officer has not submitted a charge-sheet.

2……..That your petitioner was not identified by any inmate of the house of CM where the burglary is alleged to have taken place, nor any incriminating article was found in his house. 

3……..That your petitioner has reason to believe that one GS with whom your petitioner is on bad terms and who is looking after the case for the complainant has falsely implicated your petitioner in the case out of grudge.

4……..That your petitioner shall fully co-operate with the police. 

5………That your petitioner is not likely to abscond or leave the country. 

Your petitioner prays that your Honour may be pleased to call for police papers and after perusing the same be pleased to direct the release of your petitioner on bail.

And your petitioner, as in duty bound, shall ever pray.

Advocate							AB

Verification


I, AB, son of TZ, residing at ……………, by occupation business, do hereby solemnly affirm and say as follows:

1………..I am the petitioner above-named. I know and I have made myself acquainted with the facts and circumstances of the case and I am able to depose thereto. 

2………….The statements in paragraphs 1 to 5 of the foregoing petition are true and correct to my knowledge and belief. 

3……….I sign this verification on the 6th day of May 1999. 


Solemnly affirmed by the said AB on 6th May 2000 at the Court 

House at …………………….							AB

Before me

Notary/Magistrate.



