Petition for Extension of Succession Certificate
                                                      



The applicant above-named states as follows:
1. That CH of etc., hereinafter referred to as the said deceased died at etc., intestate on the…….day of…….2010.

2. That the fixed place of residence of the said deceased at the time of his death was at etc. within the jurisdiction of this court, where he has left also some property.

3. That the said deceased was governed by the Hindu Succession Act (or Indian Succession Act) and the applicant, being his legal heir under the said law, was entitled to the grant of succession certificate already granted and so is entitled to the extension thereof hereunder prayed for.

4. That the said deceased left heirs surviving at the time of his death only the following relatives:
(a)CD, son of etc., of etc.
(b)EF, son of etc., of etc.-Address and age.

5. That the said deceased left no will and no application has been made to any court for the grant of probate or any letters of administration with a copy annexed thereto and there is no impediment to the grant of extension of certificate.


6. That the applicant obtained on the……….day of…………….a succession certificate from this court in respect of some of the debts and securities of the said deceased. A copy of the said certificate is hereunto annexed and marked A.

7. That the applicant on the…….day of………….came to know that the said deceased also left behind several other debts and securities mentioned in Schedule hereunder.

8. The applicant, therefore, prays that this court may be pleased to grant him an extended certificate for collection of the debts and securities with interest thereon mentioned in Schedule hereunder on payment of additional duty, if necessary.

THE SCHEDULE
Verification
I,……………….residing at…………….being the………………….of the above-named……………………….do hereby declare and say that the statements contained in paragraphs 1 to 7 of the above petition and also the particulars contained in Annexure "A" and the Schedule including all figures are true to my knowledge and the rest are my humble submissions to this Learned Court.
I sign this verification at………………..this……………..day of………2010

Signature

Before me Notary

Prepared in my Office Advocate for the Petitioner


