DETAILED GENERAL POWER OF ATTORNEY


TO ALL TO WHOM THESE PRESENTS SHALL COME, 
I ……….. son of ……….. resident of present residing at ……….. SEND REETINGS:
 
WHEREAS
 
(A)   I own various movable and immovable properties in various parts of India described in the Schedule I hereto and I have interest in various firms, companies, association of persons, trusts, societies as partner, proprietor, shareholder, member, trustee, beneficiary, etc. and/or otherwise, described in the Schedule II hereto
 
     (B) 	Since I am presently residing out of India as mentioned hereinabove for the 	time being, I am personally unable to attend to my day to day affairs and for 	reasons of convenience it is necessary that I should appoint an attorney and 	confer upon him the powers hereinafter stated.
 
NOW KNOW YE BY THESE PRESENTS that I the said do hereby nominate and constitute and appoint Shri……….. son of late ……….. at present residing at as my true and lawful Attorney for me in the name and on behalf of myself and/or my said Attorney and in any of my said capacities and in the name and on behalf of any partnership firm, association of persons, trustee, beneficiary or businesses in which I am now or may in future in any manner become interested to do exercise, execute and perform all or any of the following acts, deeds and things, namely:­
	
     1.Commercial
 
1.1 To transact business.-To commence, transact, manage, carry on, close down any of my business and to do all things requisite or necessary or connected therewith including correspondence with any person or authority

1.2 To buy and sell.-  To buy, receive, store and hold and to sell,	pledge, hypothecate, give on hire or otherwise deal with any goods, articles, things or movable property.

1.3 To open branches.-To open, establish, conduct, shift and/or	close any branch of any business at any place or places.

1.4 To contract.-To enter into, sign, execute, vary, alter, terminate, suspend, repudiate any contracts.

1.5 Partnership business.-To act as a partner in the firm or firms in which I am a partner at present or become a partner in future and  commence, carry on, 	close, dissolve or retire from any business of any partnership with any person 	and for the said purpose to do all acts as partner or partners therein including 	banking operations, execution of partnership, retirement, dissolution or other 	deeds and documents.
 
	2. Property
 
2.1 To acquire and to transfer-To purchase, take on lease, to take charge or mortgage on and to acquire in any manner and to sell, mortgage, settle, charge, lease, grant tenancy or otherwise transfer and/or in any manner and/or on any terms deal with any immovable or real property or properties or any interest therein.

2.2 To manage and maintain.-To hold, defend possession, manage and maintain movable, or immovable properties described in Schedule I herein and other immovable properties acquired by me hereafter.

2.3 To receive rents, etc.-To demand, recover and receive rents, mesne profits, licence fees, maintenance charges, electricity charges, corporation taxes and all other sums of moneys receivable in respect of my properties and to make all just and reasonable allowance therein in respect of rates, taxes, repairs and other outgoings and to take all necessary steps whether by action, distress or otherwise to recover any property or sums of money in arrears.

2.4 To pay outgoings.-To pay all taxes, rates, assessments, charges, expenses and other outgoings whatsoever payable for or on account of my properties or any part thereof and to insure any buildings thereon against loss or damage by fire and other risks as be deemed necessary and/or desirable and to pay all premia for such insurances.

2.5 To serve notice on tenants.-To sign and give any notice to any occupier of any property belonging to me to quit or to repair or to abate any nuisance or to remedy any breach of covenant or for any other purpose whatsoever.

2.6 To construct, repair and/or reconstruct-To take down, demolish, rebuild and/or repair any of my house, building or other structure of whatever nature.

2.7 To get utilities.-To apply for and obtain electricity, gas, water, sewerage and/or connections of any utilities and/or to make alterations and/or close down and/or have disconnected the same in my properties.

2.8 To view the condition of any property.-To enter upon any of my property or any part of it as often as be desired to view the state of repair thereof and to require any occupier as a result of such view to remedy any want of repair or abate any nuisance.

2.9 To enforce covenants.-To enforce any covenant in any lease, licence or tenancy agreement or any other document affecting any of my property and if any right to re-enter arises in any manner under such covenants or under notice to quit, then to exercise such rights amongst others.

2.10 To deal with trespassers.-To warn off and prohibit and if necessary proceed against in due form of law against all trespassers on any of my property and to take appropriate steps whether by action or otherwise and to abate all nuisances.

2.11 To prepare and have sanctioned the plans.-To get prepared plans for construction of any building or structure and/or otherwise on any of my property and to have the same sanctioned, modified and/or altered by any Corporation, Municipality or other authority and in connection therewith or to make necessary applications, give undertakings, pay fees, obtain sanctions and such other orders and permissions as may be expedient.

2.12 To apply for obtaining building materials.-To apply for and obtain such permission as may be necessary for obtaining steel, cement, bricks and other construction materials and construction equipments and to appoint architects and contractors for the construction of building or buildings to be constructed on the plots belonging to me.

2.13 To act in proceedings under rent control legislation.-To appear and represent in any proceedings for fixation of fair rent and/or for any other purpose or purposes before any court, Rent Controller or other authority in connection with any matter relating to and/or arising out of any of my property.

2.14 To obtain any certificate.-To apply for and obtain such certificate and other permissions and clearances including certificates and/or permission under any law relating to ceiling on urban land, or other law relating to land and/or buildings both urban and rural or under the Income-tax Act or any other law as may be required for execution and/or registration of any conveyance or other document and/or for transferring any rights in any land, building or other property belonging to me or acquired by me hereafter.

2.15 To file declarations.-To prepare, sign, declare and file declarations, statements, applications and/or returns and otherwise in connection with holding, possessing, acquiring, transferring, partitioning or otherwise dealing with any of my property before any appropriate or other authority as may be required under any law or laws now prevailing or as may in future become applicable and to do, exercise, execute and perform any or all the necessary acts, deeds and things required there under.
 
3. Companies
 

3.1 To promote company.-To promote or form or cause to be promoted or formed or join with any other person in promoting or forming and to do all things necessary or proper to be done or causing to be formed and incorporated a company with limited or unlimited liability for any object and to settle and sign the memorandum and articles of association, prospectus, application forms, statement in lieu of prospectus and all other papers required for or in connection with incorporation, commencement of business of such company and other acts, relating thereto.

3.2 To spend money in promoting a company-To expend or agree to expend moneys for promoting and forming any such company as aforesaid and in taking up and paying for any shares in my name in any such company as aforesaid.

3.3 To contract to take shares.-To sign and file with the Registrar of Companies or any other appropriate authorities contract in writing to take from and/or pay for any share or shares in any such company as aforesaid in my name.

3.4 To apply for, accept and deal with shares.-To make application or applications for and take allotment or allotments or purchase or otherwise acquire or hold any share or shares in any company in my name and to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate and/or deal with any share or shares held by me or acquired by me hereafter and to execute and/or deliver all deeds and documents including transfer deeds in connection therewith and/or for registration of any transfer and/or transmission.

3.5 To consent to act as a director-To sign and file with the Registrar of Companies or any other appropriate authority in my name, consent in writing to act as a director of any company as aforesaid.

3.6 To exercise shareholder's privileges.-To attend, vote at and otherwise act in the meetings of any company or companies or to appoint or act as proxy or representative in respect of any shares, stock or debentures now held by me or which may hereafter be acquired by me and generally to exercise all rights and privileges and perform all duties in respect of any shares, stocks or debentures as the holder, owner and/or registered owner thereof or as otherwise being interested in any company including carrying on correspondence and making or consent in the making of any applications in connection therewith before the Central Government, court or other authority under the Companies Act or any other law for the time being in force.

3.7 To transfer securities.-To transfer any share, stock, debenture or other securities held by me or to be acquired by me hereafter in any company and to execute transfer deeds, receipts and all other papers in connection therewith and also to transmit and/or apply for and/or to consent to the transmission of any share, stock, debenture and/or other securities and/or have the same registered and/or to have such registration altered and/or cancelled in any manner.

3.8 General.-To do such acts and deeds and to execute such papers and documents as may be necessary in any capacity as shareholder, debtor, creditor or otherwise in relation to any company which may be required to be done by me.

3.9 To receive bonus shares and other benefits.-To receive and to hold and to deal with bonus shares and all other benefits that may accrue as a shareholder or otherwise in relation to any company.
 
4. Investments
 
4.1 To sell investments.-To acquire or sell, transfer, assign or join in acquiring or selling, transferring or assigning all or any stocks, shares, annuities, debentures, stocks, bonds, obligations, government securities, units and other securities or investments of any nature whatever which do now or shall hereafter stand in my name or to which I am now or may at any time hereafter be entitled to and for that purpose to employ and pay brokers and other agents in that behalf and to receive and give receipts for the purchase money payable in respect of such sales and to transfer any investments so sold to the purchaser or purchasers thereof or as he or they direct and for these purposes to sign and execute all such contracts, transfer deeds and other writings and do all such other acts as may be necessary for effectually transferring or assigning the same.

4.2 Allotment of shares in companies.-To apply for and accept allotments of shares in my name in any company, corporation or body corporate or any statutory body.

4.3 To receive dividends and repaid capital sums.-To demand, sue for and receive from any company, corporation, government or other body politic or person all deposits, dividends, interest, bonuses or any other sums that may become due in respect of any investment and likewise any capital sum represented by or comprised in any investment held by me as and when the same shall be payable or repayable and for any such purpose to sign, indorse and execute all receipts, dividends and interest warrants, cheques, releases, discharges, reconveyances or other deeds, documents, instruments and other writings whatsoever that may be required or necessary for the purpose.

4.4 Investment in and dealing with provident funds.-To operate, open, withdraw and deal with funds in the Public Provident Fund Account or any other provident fund accounts whatsoever in my name.
4.5 Investments in company deposits, shares, etc.-To invest my monies in company deposits, shares, stocks, debentures, bonds, units or other corporate securities or securities of local authorities, any other statutory bodies or corporations, whether incorporated in India or in any other country, in such manner and upon such securities as my attorney shall in his absolute discretion think fit and from time to time withdraw any such moneys and apply the same to any purpose as he may think fit.

4.6 To initiate proceedings.-To give all notices, commence any legal proceedings or use any other lawful means that may appear to my attorney desirable or necessary in order to safeguard or enforce my rights in or in connection with any of the investments with full power to prosecute or discontinue any such proceeding and to compromise or submit to arbitration any matter in dispute or doubt.

4.7 To pay all calls.-To pay all calls that may be lawfully made or other expenses that may be incurred in relation to any of my investments and to give security for the payment of the same.

4.8 To assent to arrangements.-To assent (if it seems to my attorney necessary or desirable) to any arrangement modifying any rights, privileges or duties in relation to any of my investments and to agree to any scheme or arrangement for the increase or reduction of the value or amount of the same or of the capital of any company or corporation and for any such purpose to deposit, surrender or exchange any of the investments or the documents of title relating thereto and to pay any contribution or incur any other necessary expense in connection with any such scheme or arrangement.

4.9 To apply for and contract for investments.-To tender, contract for, purchase, accept and sign the transfer into my name any government securities, securities of local authorities or any statutory body, shares, stocks or debentures in any such company, corporation or body as aforesaid or other stocks, funds, debentures and securities of any and every description whatsoever or any other properties.
 
5. Banker/Banking
 
5.1 Banking operation.-To open, operate, continue or close any account including any overdraft or other loan account and/or saving account, current, fixed or other accounts and also safe deposit lockers and all accounts whatsoever in my name and on my behalf with any bank or banks that may be existing or may in future be opened in my name or in the name of my firm or firms or business or businesses or in my capacity as trustee or beneficiary of any trust with any bank or banks including Postal Savings Bank.

5.2 Drawing and negotiations of cheques.-To draw, sign, negotiate and/or endorse cheques, payment orders, drafts, dividend warrants and/or any other instruments and to execute, enter into, acknowledge, do and present all such deeds, instruments, contracts, agreements, acts, deeds and things as shall be requisite or deemed fit and proper for or in relation to all or any of the purposes, matters or things herein contained or others with any bank or banks.

5.3 To deal with bills of exchange.-For all or any of the banking purposes to draw, accept, endorse, discount or otherwise deal with any bills of exchange, bills of lading, mates' receipts, delivery orders, promissory notes or other mercantile instruments relating to moneys, goods, properties or otherwise.

5.4 To operate bank locker or safe deposit vault locker-  To operate any bank locker or safe  deposit vault locker and to deposit thereat and withdraw there from any articles belonging to me.
 
6. Moneys
 

6.1 To realise loans or borrow money.-To realise loans and/or borrow money or moneys from time to time from any bank, institution, or any person or persons, organisation whatsoever against the security or properties both movable and immovable belonging to me or any of my firm or firms of business or businesses in which I am now or may hereafter become interested and to execute, sign and register mortgage, charges, transfer and/or give other security or securities by any other deed or deeds on such terms and conditions as my said attorney or his substitute or substitutes may think fit and proper.

6.2 Loans and advances.-To make and/or to receive any loan or advance from any bank, financial institution or other person to such extent  and on such terms as the said attorney  may deem expedient and also to secure the same by pledging, hypothecating, mortgaging, charging or any other manner encumbering any of my movable or immovable property.

6.3 Miscellaneous
 
6.3.1 To agree to charge or pay any interest or other considerations for any loan and/or advance and to vary such rates of interests or consideration from time to time.
 
6.3.2 To remit, reduce or settle any claim of any moneys, losses and/or damages.
 
6.3.3 To draw, execute, negotiate, cancel, present for payment and/or make or receive payment of any promissory note, bill of exchange, bond or undertaking regarding any money receipt and/or advance.
 
7. Representations
 
7.1 To represent before bank or banks, insurance companies, etc.-To represent me or any of my firm or firms or business in any of the bank or banks, insurance companies, courts, registration offices, municipal offices, office of competent authority, urban land ceiling, post offices, sales tax offices, income-tax offices, customs offices, revenue offices or any co-operative society, Central or any other State Government or other authority, society, body corporate or other person for any purpose or purposes whatsoever and do all acts as may be expedient before the same or in connection therewith.

7.2 To prepare, sign and file tax returns.-To prepare, sign, execute and/or file any of my and/or any of my firm or firms or business or businesses in my personal capacity or as trustee or beneficiary of any trust, sales tax returns, income-tax returns, wealth-tax returns, gift tax returns or any other returns under the Income-tax Act, 1961, Wealth-tax Act, 1957, Gift-tax Act, 1958 and/or any other law for the time being in force or other returns, statements, papers, documents in connection with the aforesaid Acts, to sign and/or submit returns, statements of accounts, balance sheets, declaration forms, to receive refund orders or vouchers from any of the aforesaid authorities, to apply for and to sign and submit to necessary authorities and to represent me or any of the firm or firms or business or businesses, trusts, proprietary concerns in which I am now or may hereafter be interested as proprietor, partner, trustee or beneficiary with such authority or authorities concerned therewith.
7.3 Appear before Assessing Officer, etc.-To appear before any Assessing Officer, Deputy Commissioner and/or Assistant Commissioner and/or Commissioner and/or Central Board of Direct Taxes and/or tribunal and/or any other authority or authorities in connection with any matter or matters and to represent me or my proprietary concerns, firm or firms, business or businesses, trusts in which I am trustee or beneficiary and to produce, explain accounts, documents and papers as may be necessary and to pay taxes and other amounts to such authorities and to any other authority by virtue of these presents and to sign, execute and deliver all other papers, documents and deeds in connection therewith.

7.4 To appear before registrar, notary public, magistrate, etc.To appear before any Notary Public, Registrar of Assurances, District Registrar, Sub-Registrar of Assurances, Metropolitan Magistrate and other officer or officers or authority having jurisdiction and to acknowledge and register or have registered and perfected all deeds, instruments and writings, executed, signed or made by me personally or as partner of any firm or firms or business or businesses or by my said attorneys or any of them by virtue of the powers herein conferred.
 
8. Trusts
 
8.1 To execute trusts.-To do all acts, deeds relating to any matter in which I am a trustee and/or beneficiary and to exercise all powers and authorities elsewhere hereunder or otherwise as expedient.
 
8.2 To exercise powers.-To execute and exercise in relation to any land or investment or property for the time being subject to any trust and all powers and description for the time being vested in me as such trustee or as beneficiary as aforesaid or under any deed of trust, settlement or other documents to the extent lawfully possible.
 
9. Execution and registration of documents
 
9.1 To execute documents (stocks, shares, annuities).-To execute all deeds and other instruments necessary or proper for transferring any stock, shares, annuities, debentures, obligations and other securities held by me or to be acquired by me hereafter to the purchaser or purchasers thereof.

9.2 To execute and register deeds.-To sign, execute, enter into, modify, cancel, alter, draw, approve, present for registration and admit registration of all papers, documents, contracts, agreements, conveyances, mortgage deeds, leases, grants, assurances, applications, declarations, trust deeds and other documents as may in any way be required to be so done for or in connection with any movable or immovable property belonging to me or to be acquired by me hereafter or of any part thereof or any interest therein including those held by me as owner, lessor, lessee, partner, mortgagor, tenant, trustee or otherwise be interested for the time being including those connected with the management and development of any business and also in connection with the sale, purchase, lease, transfer and disposition or construction or sanction of plan or obtaining of clearances or permits from the Government or for any other purpose whatsoever.
 
10. Legal proceedings
 
10.1 To compound the debts and to submit claims to arbitration.-To compound with or make allowances to any person for or in respect of any debt or demand whatsoever which now is or shall or may at any time hereafter become due or payable to me and to take or receive any composition or dividend thereof or thereupon and give receipts, releases or other discharges for the whole of the same debts, sums or demands or to settle, compromise or submit to arbitration every such debt or demand and every other claim, right, matter and thing due to or concerning me and for that purpose in my name to enter into, make, sign, execute such agreements as are necessary in like cases, execute such agreements for arbitration or other deeds or instruments as are necessary in like cases and to allow time for the payment of any such debt or demand (with or without security) upon such terms as the attorney may think fit.

10.2 To conduct and defend legal proceedings.-To commence, prosecute, enforce, defend, answer or oppose all notices, suits, and other legal proceedings and demands touching any of the matters aforesaid or any other matters in which I am now or may hereafter be interested or concerned and also if thought fit with such consent as aforesaid to compromise, refer to arbitration, abandon, submit to judgment or become non-suited in any such action or proceeding as aforesaid before any court, civil, or criminal, or revenue including the Rent Controller, City Civil and Small Causes Courts.

10.3 To appoint advocates, etc.-To appoint any solicitor, advocate, pleader or counsel as may be necessary for prosecuting and defending any suit or proceedings, in the matters relating to my properties, business, firm, trusts, companies or organisations, in which I am interested or become interested hereafter in my name or in the name of my said attorney as he may think fit and proper and to sign vakalatnamas, warrant of attorney in favour of any solicitor, advocate, pleader or counsel engaged by him.

10.4 To sign plaints and other papers.-To sign, declare and/or affirm any plaints, written statements, petitions, consent petition, affidavits, memorandum of appeal or any other document or paper in my name in any proceeding or in any way connected therewith.

10.5 To deposit and receive documents from court,-To deposit and receive documents and moneys in and from any court or courts and/or any other person or authority in my name and give valid receipts and discharges therefor.
 
11. Receipts and discharges
 
11. 1 Receiving monies and goods.-To demand, collect, sue for, recover and receive of and from all and every person or persons, body or bodies, politic or corporate, court or authority including government and/or local bodies whomsoever concerned or chargeable therewith all or every sum or sums of money including rent, documents, securities, goods, effects, dues, duties, interests, rents, profits, income, purchase consideration, dividends, compensation and/or any other money or moneys which shall belong or be or become payable to me or to any of my firm or firms, business or businesses or companies in which I am interested.

11.2 To collect debts.-To demand, collect, sue for, recover and receive in my name, from all and every person, body, politic or municipal or corporate or firm or company where so ever and whatsoever all sums of money, debts, dues, goods, wares, merchandise, chattels, effects and things of any nature or description whatsoever which now are or which at any time or times hereafter shall or may become due or owing or payable to or recoverable including those from or by the bank by virtue of any hypothecations, bottomry bonds, mortgages, pledges, agreements or other securities whatsoever or upon or by virtue of any bills of exchange, promissory notes, cheques, bills of lading or other mercantile or negotiable instruments whatever or otherwise.
11.3 To give receipts.-To receive and give effectual receipts and discharges in my name for all monies, securities for monies, debts, goods, chattels and personal estate which are or may become due, owing, payable or transferable in or by any right, title, ways or means howsoever from any person or persons or corporation or other body or authority.

11.4 To receive debts, gifts, legacies, etc.-To receive and give good and valid receipts and discharges in my name for share of assets of any business or for the purchase money of any share therein or of any part of such share and all such other monies as may be payable to me in any manner whatsoever.
 
12. Agents
 
12.1 Agency.-To act as agents for any person or to appoint any person as agent for any purpose in connection with any business or matter herein contained or otherwise and on such terms and with such powers and authorities as may be deemed by my said attorney to be expedient and to vary, modify and/or terminate such appointment and/or appointments and make other or others.

12.2 To employ persons in any capacity.-To employ any person in any capacity for my business firm, trusts, companies in which I am interested and require to employ such person or become interested in future and require to employ such person and to suspend, dismiss or discharge any employee so employed as my said attorney may deem fit.

12.3 To employ professionals.-For the better and more effectually executing the powers or authorities aforesaid or any of them to retain and employ solicitors, advocates, chartered accountants, managers, consultants or any other professional persons and/or debt collecting or other agents.
 
13. Miscellaneous
 
13.1 To enter into bond and indemnities.-For all or any purpose to give and execute all such bonds, guarantees, indemnities, covenants and obligations in my name.
 
14. To substitute and appoint in his place (on such terms and conditions as my said attorney shall think fit and proper) one or more attorneys to exercise for me as my attorney or attorneys any or all of the powers and authorities hereby conferred and to revoke any such appointment from time to time and to substitute or appoint any other person or persons in the place of such attorney or attorneys as the said attorney shall from time to time think fit and proper.
 
15. AND in case of the death of the said attorney or inability or unwillingness to act through illness or any other reason to act as my said attorney in relation to all or any of the matters aforesaid, I hereby appoint Smt . ………….wife of……..
resident of . ………….to act as my attorney in place of the said attorney after his death or during such inability or unwillingness and in the latter case during the subsistence of any such inability or	unwillingness as the name of Smt . ………….had been inserted in this deed instead of the name of the said attorney.

16. And generally my said attorney shall have the power to do all such acts, deeds and things on my behalf and I could have lawfully done, if personally present.
 
AND I do hereby for myself, my heirs, executors, administratorsand legal 	representatives ratify and confirm and agree to ratify and confirm all and 	whatsoever my said attorney or his substitute or substitutes shall lawfully do or 	cause to be done by virtue of these presents
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I . ………….have hereunto set my hand this . ………….day of . ………….20 . ………….
Schedule I above referred to
Schedule II above referred to
 
WITNESS
Signed and delivered by the within named. ………….

Identified by me.                                                 Before me
      (          )
Advocate                                                              Notary

