GENERAL POWER OF ATTORNEY BY A PERSON GOING ABROAD TO AUTHORISE ALL ACTS ON HIS BEHALF

BY THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY executed at Bombay on...............................this ………….………….day of………….20…………. I…………. aged about years, son of Shri…………. residing presently at and about to leave India for ………….to join services as an Engineer in do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint my brother, Shri
............................. son of ………….aged about………….years, residing at………….
to be my true and lawful attorney(hereinafter called "attorney") for me and in my name and on my behalf to do all or any of the acts, deeds and things, matters, namely:
 
(1) To operate all my current, savings bank, fixed deposit or other	accounts and also on safe deposit lockers standing in my name with any bank or bankers and to open and operate in my name all bank accounts whatsoever.
 
(2) To operate, open, withdraw and deal with funds in the Public Provident Fund account
  
(3) In connection with the powers granted herein to give receipt, discharge and quittances for any purpose whatsoever.
 
(4) To sell, endorse, transfer and assign all or any Government securities, units, bonds, National Saving Certificates, National Saving Scheme, shares, stock or debentures of any description whatever corporate or any other securities which do now or shall hereafter stand in my name or to which I am now or may at any time hereinafter be entitled.
 
(5) To contract for and purchase and accept and sign as transferee or transferor into my name or, apply for in my name and on my behalf, corporate or any other securities or for Government securities, units, bonds, National Saving Certificates, National Saving Scheme, stock or debentures of any description whatever
 
(6) To demand, sue for and receive from any person, company, corporation, government or other statutory body, deposits, dividends, interest, bonuses or any other sums that may become due to me in respect of any of my investments and likewise any capital sum represented by or comprised in any of my investments as and when the same shall be payable or repayable and for any such purpose to sign, endorse and execute all receipts, dividends and interest warrants, cheques, releases, discharges, reconveyances or other deeds, documents, instruments and other writings whatsoever that may be necessary or usual in the circumstances.
 
(7) To invest any moneys belonging to me in company deposits, Public Provident Fund accounts, shares, debentures, bonds, units, National Savings Certificates, National Saving Schemes, mutual funds or corporate or any other securities including government securities in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as my attorney shall in his absolute discretion think fit and from time to time withdraw any such moneys and apply the same to any purpose he may think fit
 
(8) To apply for the inspection of and to inspect all records and documents which I myself would have been entitled to inspect and take copies of the same.
 
(9) To appear and file petitions or applications before the appropriate authority for and on my behalf in respect to the recovery of any claims relating to the said shares, scrips and units and other investments
 
 
(10) To institute, commence, prosecute, carry on or defend or resist, all suits or other actions and proceedings or withdraw the same, concerning my property or any part thereof or concerning anything in which I may be a party in any court in civil, criminal, original or revisional jurisdiction, before income-tax, sales tax and wealth-tax authorities
and to sign and verify all plaints, written statements, accounts, inventories, to accept service of all summons, notices, and other judicial processes and to appoint and engage any solicitor, advocate, vakil, counsel or pleader and to sign any or execute any vakalatnama, warrant of attorney or other authority to act and plead.
 
(11) To file application with Central Government and claim on my behalf the dividends declared by the companies and deposited with the Reserve Bank of India in Government account as unpaid dividend.
 
(12) To attend, vote and otherwise take part in all meetings of any company or corporation with which I am or may hereafter be concerned either as holder of shares, stocks, debentures or other securities or as creditor, contributory or otherwise or in relation to any of my investments and to sign proxies for the purpose of voting thereat or for any other purpose connected therewith.
 
 (13) To give all notices, commence any legal proceedings or use any other lawful means that may appear to my attorney desirable or necessary in order to safeguard or enforce my rights in or in connection with any of my investments with full power to prosecute or discontinue any such proceeding and to compromise or submit to arbitration any matter in dispute or doubt. 
 
(14) To pay all calls that may be lawfully made upon me or other	expenses that may be incurred in relation to any of my investments and to give security for the payment of the same.
 
(15) To assent (if it seems to my attorney necessary or desirable),to any arrangement modifying my rights, privileges or duties in relation to any of my investments and agree to any scheme or arrangement for the increase or reduction of the value or amount of the same or of the capital of any company or corporation and for any such purpose to deposit, surrender or exchange any of my investments or the documents of title relating thereto and to pay any contribution or incur any other necessary expense in connection with any such scheme or arrangement.
 
(16) To sell all or any of my investments and for that purpose to employ and pay brokers and other agents in that behalf and to receive and to and give receipts for the purchase money payable in respect of such  sales and to transfer any investments so sold to the purchaser or purchasers thereof or as he or they direct and for these purposes to sign and execute all such contracts, transfer deeds and other writings and do all such other acts as may be necessary for effectually transferring the same.
 
(17) To sell, endorse, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose off all Government securities, securities of local authorities or any other etc. all statutory bodies, shares, stocks, units, bonds or debentures in any company, corporation or other statutory body (whether incorporated in India or any other country) or other stocks, funds, debentures and securities of any and every description whatsoever or any other properties which do now or shall hereafter stand in my name to which I am now or may at any time hereafter be or become entitled to in my name.
 
(18) To tender, contract for, purchase, accept and sign the transfer into my name and Government securities, securities of local authorities	or any statutory body, shares, stocks, units, bonds or debentures in any such company, corporation or body as aforesaid or other stocks, funds, debentures and securities of any and every description whatsoever or any other properties.
 
(19) To apply for and accept allotments of shares in any company, shares corporation or body corporate or any statutory body.
 
(20) To demand and receive all interest, dividend, bonuses or any	other sums whatsoever due or to accrue, due on all or any securities, shares, stocks, units, bonds, debentures, funds and other investments and properties.
 
(21) To draw, sign, endorse and negotiate all cheques, promissory endorse and notes, bills of exchange, pay orders, dividend or interest warrants or negotiate other investments payable to me and to sign my name and execute cheques, on my behalf all contracts, assignments, deeds and instruments promissory whatsoever
(22) To sign and file returns under the Income-tax Act, Wealth-tax Act, Gift-tax Act and any other statute, to appear before the appropriate authorities for the purpose and generally to deal with assessments to income-tax, wealth-tax, gift-tax and any other tax on income revenue or capital, to apply for refunds or any such tax or taxes, to represent me before any authorities or tribunal concerned and for all such purposes to sign, execute and deliver all such documents and make all such declarations as may become necessary or expedient
 (23) To make such investments and to take such steps as may be necessary and as my attorney may deem fit to get tax exemptions/concessions and also to get exemption from payment of tax on capital gain, if any.
 (24) To appear and act on my behalf in all the courts, civil, revenue or criminal, whether original or appellate and any other offices of  Government or District Board, Municipal Board or any other local authority in connection with or in relation to exercise of the powers hereby conferred. 
 (25) To appoint and discharge any advocate, solicitor, revenue agent or any other legal practitioner.
 (26) To give and execute any contracts, obligations, declarations,	bonds, indemnities, guarantees, consents, instruments whatsoever on my behalf as my attorney may think necessary or proper.
 (27) To purchase, take on lease or otherwise such lands, houses, plot/flat by tenements and immovable property and to make and sign applications  to the appropriate State Government department, local authority or other authorities for the purpose of purchasing.
 (28) To pay any earnest moneys or bid money or any part or whole  on my behalf for the aforesaid purpose
(29) To take possession of the plot/flat/site that may be allotted/purchased to me/for me in the said auction or sale and to manage and look after the said plot/flat/site.
 (30) To pay taxes, rates, charges, assessments, levies, expenses and all other payments and the outgoings whatsoever due and payable or to become due and payable for and on account of the said plot/flat/site.
 (31) To sign any document or documents in connection with the allotment of plot/flat/site and to admit execution thereof. 
 (32) To present the sale deed executed or to be executed in respect of the plot/flat/site in question and to admit execution.
 (33) To appear before the Registrar or sub-Registrar for the registration of deeds, insurances, contracts or other instruments and then to present and register or cause to be registered any deeds, assurances, contracts or other instruments in which I am or may be the Attorney be deemed to be interested and also to pay such fees as shall be necessary for registration
(34) To take all necessary steps for construction of a building on 	the said plot/site that may be allotted and in particular to engage contractors, architects, engineers, labourers and other persons, to purchase material therefor, to employ or remove workmen and contractors and generally do all acts, deeds and things that may be  necessary for the completion of the building.
(35) To apply for and obtain all permits, grants, consents and approvals that may be necessary from the Central and State
Governments and the appropriate Municipal and local authorities and all other statutory, revenue authorities that may be necessary for the purpose of, and in connection with, the construction of the building on the said plot/site to give all such declarations, undertakings,
indemnities and assurances that may be required, and to apply to the concerned authority, body or persons to exempt the building from acquisition or for permission to let out the same or to give it on lease and licence basis.
 
(36) To vary, confirm or modify all and every arrangement that may be entered into with the contractors, builders, architects and any Municipal or any local authorities or other person or persons in connection with the said plot and the building to be constructed thereon.
 (37) To supervise the construction of the said building and for that purpose to deal with contractors, architects, labourers and all other concerned authorities and persons and to make payments to them for materials purchased or for services rendered in connection with the said land and building to be constructed thereon.
(38) To make deposits of such money as may be required for obtaining gas, electricity and water connections, from any authority or person as may be necessary in connection with the said plot and the building.
(39) To apply for and obtain refund of deposits of money and to claim for any rebate or concession in connection with the said plot/site and the building.
 (40) To let, lease or give on lease and licence the whole or any or parts of the said building when completed on such terms and conditions as the said Attorney in his absolute discretion thinks fit, accept surrender of possession from such tenant, lessee or licencee or other occupier or occupiers and to take possession and receive rents, profits and income from the said building in whole or in part
(41) To execute and deliver on my behalf tenancy, agreement, lease deed, licence agreement as may be necessary for letting or leasing or licencing the whole or any part or parts of the said building.
(42) To repair, from time to time, whitewash, colour wash and do other acts and things to keep the said building in good repair and condition.
(43) To pay, settle, adjust and deduct and allow all accounts, claims and demands for rent, assessment and repairs and other outgoings in respect of the said plot and the building to be constructed thereon.
 (44) To collect and receive from the licencees, tenants and occupiers of the said building all licence fees, rents and other sums of money that may be due and to take all lawful proceedings for recovery of the said sum.
 (45) To appoint, engage, employ and dismiss any clerks, agents, 	servants or other persons in and about the performance of above	purposes as the Attorney shall think fit.
 
(46) To concur, carry into effect and perform all agreements and contracts entered into by me or my behalf with any person or persons as my own act and deed and/or to cancel and/or repudiate the same.
 
(47) I hereby declare as follows:
 
(i) The powers hereby given to my attorney shall be given the widest interpretation and shall be construed as an express authority to him to act for and deal with my affairs as fully and effectually as I myself could do.
 
(ii) My Attorney may appoint and remove at pleasure any substitute for, or agent under, here in respect of all or any of the matters aforesaid upon such terms as my Attorney shall think fit. 
 
(48) I hereby agree to ratify and confirm all and whatsoever my attorney or any substitute or substitutes shall do or cause to be done by virtue of these presents.
 
 
 
WITNESS	Signed and delivered by the within named Shri ...........................
 

