POWER OF ATTORNEY TO LOOK AFTER IMMOVABLE PROPERTY AND TO RECOVER RENT, ETC.

TO ALL TO WHOM THESE PRESENTS SHALL COME I, X, son of late Shri ………aged………years residing at………SEND GREETINGS.
 
WHEREAS on account of my service in ………I cannot look after my property at……more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written, hereinafter referred to as the said property.
 
AND WHEREAS IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES, it is necessary and expedient for me to appoint some person to look after my house.
 
AND I therefore propose to appoint Shri ………as my attorney to do the following acts and things on my behalf:
 
NOW KNOW YE ALL AND THESE PRESENTS WITNESS that I the said X do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint Shri ………of	.........residing at………to be my true and lawful attorney for me, in my name and on my behalf to do all or any of the following acts, deeds or things that is to say:­
 
(1) To hold, defend possession, manage and maintain my property. 
 
(2) To negotiate, agree and to give on lease, rent, leave and licence, etc., the said property on rent or on lease, leave and licence in whole or in parts on the terms and conditions as the Attorney may think fit and	shall be advised by the lawyer and to enter into and execute agreement	for granting tenancy, lease rights, licence to tenants/lessees/licencees with the prospective/tenants/lessees/licencees.
 
(3) To enter upon my property on any part of it as often as be desired to view the state of repair thereof and to require any occupier as a result of such view to remedy any want of repair or abate any nuisance.
 
(4) To enforce any covenant in any lease, licence or tenancy agreement or any other document affecting my property and if any right to re-enter arises in any manner under such covenants or under notice to quit, then to exercise such rights amongst others.
 
(5) To demand, receive and recover rents, mesne profits,	licence fees, maintenance charges, or any other charges receivable by me in respect of my property from all tenants/lessee/licencees and other occupants for occupying the property or any part thereof, in any manner whatsoever and to pass receipts in proper form for all moneys received from any tenant or other occupant as rent, lease rent, compensation or otherwise.
 
(6) To pay all taxes, rates, assessments, charges, expenses and other outgoings whatsoever payable for or on account of my property or any part thereof and to insure my property against loss or damage by  fire and other risks as be deemed necessary and/or desirable and to  pay all premia for such insurance.
 
(7) To file suits and other legal proceedings in courts/tribunals or	before other authorities for recovering rents/lease rent/compensation or any other amount from any tenant or other occupant and to evict any of them from the property or part thereof, either for non-payment of rent, etc. or for any other ground whatsoever.
 
(8) To carry out repairs of my property as may be required from time to time, provided that if the estimated cost of repairs is more than Rs. 10,000 at a time or major or structural repairs are required in the said property, the said Attorney shall obtain my consent in writing before undertaking such repair/s.
 
(9) To engage any solicitor/Advocate/lawyer for legal advice and	filing and conducting suits or legal proceedings as may be required to be taken from time to time against the tenants/lessees/licensees or other occupants of the said property and to sign, affirm, declare and file plaints, written statements, applications, petitions, affidavits and other papers required to be filed in such suits or legal proceedings required to be taken by me or taken against me by any tenant, lessee/licensee or any other occupant of the said property.
 
(10) To prevent any person from trespassing on the said property or any part thereof and to take remedial action like filing civil and/or criminal proceedings against such person/s. 
 
 
(11) To appear before any court, tribunal or any other authority in any suit or legal proceedings taken against me by any tenant/licensee/	lessee or other occupant and to take all actions in such suits/legal	proceedings, which are deemed necessary or advised by the lawyers/Advocates to defend the said suits/legal proceedings.
 
(12) To appear before any officer of Government/Municipal Corporation/Local authority/Electricity Board/Municipal water authorities or any other authority in any matter in connection with any matter relating to the said property or part thereof.
 
 
(13) To appear and- represent in any proceedings for fixation of fair rent and/or for any other purpose or purposes before any Court, Rent controller or other authority in connection with any matter relating to and/or arising out of the said property.
 
(14) To maintain proper accounts of receipt of rents/licensee fee	lease rent or any other sum received from tenants/licensees/lessees or other occupants for occupancy of the said property and expenses incurred by the said Attorney in repairs/payment of taxes/and other  dues relating to the said property and to deposit the balance amount in  bank account opened in my name with Syndicate Bank Branch (Saving Bank A/c No . ………) and to intimate to me from time to time about the summary of the accounts.
 
(15) In general to do all other acts, deeds, matters and things whatsoever required in connection with managing the said property
and recovery of the income and payment of taxes, etc. in respect of the said property.
 
AND I hereby ratify and confirm and agree to satisfy and confirm whatsoever my said Attorney shall do or purport to do by virtue of these presents.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I the said ………has hereunto set and subscribed my hands this ………day of 	………20 ……… 
 
 
Signed and delivered by the within named ................. in the presence of

