POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR OBTAINING LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that I . ………….son  of ………….do hereby irrevocably nominate, constitute
and appoint Shri ………….son of ………….	resident of 	my attorney and on my behalf to execute or do all or any of the acts or things hereinafter mentioned that is to say­
 
(1) To make inventory of all items of estate of my deceased father the late Shri ………….residing at the time of his death at…………. of all to take possession of all the properties left by my father and to ascertain the particulars of the property by my father by making correspondence with banks, companies, friends and relatives.
 
(2) To apply for and obtain letters of administration in respect of the Estate of late Shri ………….who died on day of ………….20 ………….from the court of competent jurisdiction for my use and benefit.
 
(3) To sign, declare and file petition in the court and to sign and to file the account and documents, inventory in respect of the estate of the said deceased and to file undertaking, administrator's oath required to be given in court.
 
(4) To engage and appoint any solicitor, counsel, pleader, advocate or lawyer to apply for the letters of administration in the court and to sign and verify any application or petition for the grant and for doing other necessary work relating to the grant of letters of administration

(5) To pay fees, charges and expenses required to be paid for obtaining the said limited grant. 
 
(6) To contest caveat if any filed by any person and to file such	applications and other papers as may be required.
 
(7) To recover the estate, rents and profits of the immovable properties, pay the tax payable to State Government/Central Government or any Municipal or other authority and deposit the balance money with an account in any Bank to be opened in my name and to make the shares/debentures/securities, etc. in any locker with the 	same bank in my name or in the name of my Attorney.
 
(8) To generally to do all other acts, deeds and things as may be necessary or required in connection with the grant as aforesaid.
 
And I hereby for myself, my heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives ratify and confirm and agree to ratify and confirm done by whatsoever my said attorney shall do or purport to do by virtue of these presents.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I the said ………….has hereto set and subscribed my hands this ………….day of………….20………….
 
WITNESS Signed and delivered by the within named .................. 
 
Identified by me                                                                         
       (      ) 							Before me
Advocate 							Notary Public

