DETAILED WILL IN FAVOUR OF FAMILY MEMBERS

THIS is the last will of me, X, son of Shri .......................................which I make this………….day of 20………….
 
(2) I revoke all former wills and codicils made by me and declare 	this to be my last will.
 
(3) I appoint Shri ………….of 	Shri ………….of………….and Shri ………….of ………….to be the executors and trustees of this will and I declare that the expression "Trustees" shall, where the context permits, include the survivor and survivors of them and other trustee or trustees for the time being of this my will.
 
(4) I bequest to my wife Smt 	all 	my furniture, jewellery, household articles, gold medals, paintings and other articles and other effects of every kind, which shall be in or about………….my dwelling house at except securities, shares, debentures, bonds, fixed deposits or money.
 
(5) I devise the house bearing municipal No………….…………. situated on ………….and more particularly described in the Schedule I hereto, securities, shares, debentures, bonds, fixed deposits or money lying in cash or bank accounts at  the time of my death, copyright in the books written by me and published by different publishers and vested in me, at the time of my death along with other rights relating thereto to my son Shri ………….
 
(6) I bequeath to Shri 	Shri …………. ………….Ms………….and Ms ………….the………….sum of Rs ………….. 	each and in case any of the legatees dies during my life time and leaving an issue at my death, then in such case I give the  legacy which the person so dying would have taken, if he or she would have survived me, to his children living at my death who attain the age 	of eighteen years in equal shares.
 
(7) I give the house bearing No . 	situated, lying and 	bearing at ………….and flat No………….in the………….	Housing Society Ltd. on the land bearing plot No………….S. No………….Village Taluka ………….	and District 	and piece of land 	admeasuring………….sq. mts. situated at………….and bearing plot No 	Survey No ………….District 	, the detailed description of all the properties have been given in Schedule II and Rs. …………. fifty lakhs unto the Trustees upon trust, that the said trustees will construct the temple at a cost not 	exceeding Rs 	lakhs on the plot of land and shall instal the Idol of Gayatri in the said temple and shall invest the residue amount in any investments authorised by law for investment of the trust with the power to vary the investments from time to time and the income of such  investments shall be used in maintenance of the temple, puja, seva and annual functions to be held in the said temple
 
(8) I give Rs . 	each to my daughters Smt ………….	And Smt ..................................... 
 
(9) I give an annuity of Rs . 	per month to my mother till her 	death, payable on the first day of each month, the first of such payments if necessary of an apportioned part of the said annuity to be made on the first day of the month next after my death.
 
(10) I devise and bequest all my estate, moneys and securities not 	hereby or by any codicil otherwise specifically disposed off and to which I will be entitled and I can dispose off by will in any manner I think proper 	unto my trustees upon trust that my trustees shall convert the said 	properties into money and I declare that out of the money so realised, the trustees shall pay all my funeral and testamentary expenses and debts and shall pay or provide for the specific legacy or legacies and maintenance allowance hereby or by a codicil bequeathed by me and 	shall invest the residue of the said moneys in or upon any of the investments hereby authorised and shall pay the income of such investments to the trustees of 	Hospital at to be applied for the purposes of the said hospital.
 
IN WITNESS WHERE OF I, the above named X have set my hands 	to this my last will and testament this ………….day of................20………….
 
 
Signed and acknowledged by the above named X as his last will in 	the presence of us, who in his presence have hereto subscribed our names as witnesses.
 
WITNESSES
1.
2.                                                                                                     Signature

