WILL IN FAVOUR OF WIFE AND CHILDREN

I , X, son of Shri………….resident of 	do hereby revoke all wills, codicils and other testamentary dispositions  heretofore made by me and DECLARE this to be my last will and testament.
 
(2) I hereby appoint S/Shri ……….and ………. as the executors and trustees of this will.
 
(3) I devise and bequeath unto my wife Smt ……….	absolutely my house bearing Municipal No  situated  on ……….Road ……….city……….Distt more particularly described in the Schedule I hereto, with full rights and powers of disposal.
 
(4) I devise and bequeath unto my sons S/Shri ……….and 	the shares, debentures, securities and  fixed deposits as mentioned against their names in the Schedule II
 
(5) I devise and bequest unto my daughters Smt . .........................and Smt . ……….the shares, debentures, bonds and securities as mentioned against their names in the Schedule III hereto.
 
(6) I devise and bequest the property described in Schedule IV 	hereto to the deity of Gaytiri Mataji in the temple of and the Income of the said property should be applied for the  	maintenance of the temple and expenses of worship of the said deity, salary of pujari and the expenses of annual navratri festivals of the said temple.
 
(7) I devise and bequest to my son Shri 	the goodwill, business to stock‑in‑trade and other property of my firm M/s . ………. Son with the leasehold rights of the shop No . 	....................building . ……….Road, Bombay in which the said business is being carried on or which is being used for the purpose thereof, along with the licences, quotas, permits granted by the  ……….Government of India or Government of 	or any other organisation/authority to the said firm and the benefit of all contracts subsisting in respect‑of the said business and all book debts and moneys due to the said firm or standing to the credit of my business account at my death.
 
(8) I devise and bequeath all my movable and immovable property, monies and securities not hereby or by any codicil otherwise disposed off, and to which, I am entitled at the time of my death, unto my 	executors, who shall have the power to alienate and transfer the whole 	or part of such property, if he or they consider that such alienation or transfer is necessary for the proper administration of such property and to distribute amongst my sons in equal portions.
 
(9) I hereby declare that if any of my sons or daughters aforesaid shall predecease me, then the share of such son or daughter as the son or case may be, shall be deemed to have been hereby devised and bequeathed to the child or equally to the children of such deceased son or daughter as if such child or children of the deceased had been 	mentioned herein amongst the original legatees of the will.
 
I direct that my said executors and trustees shall stand possessed 	of all my property on my death and they will have power to realize and  recover the rents, interest, dividend, bonus shares and other profits or 	benefits thereof and after paying my funeral and administration expenses of my estate, shall hold the balance of such property, rents, interest, dividend, bonus shares and other profits or benefits upon trust for the legatees.
 
                       
                           Schedule I above referred to
Schedule II above referred to
Schedule III above referred to
Schedule IV above referred to
 
Signed by the above named ……….……….testator as his will in the presence of the witness, who in his presence have hereunto subscribed their names to this Will 
 
WITNESSES.
1.
2. 	......................
	Testator

