WILL IN TRUST FOR RELIGIOUS USES

I . ……….son	of	.................................resident of……….do hereby revoke all wills, codicils and other testamentary dispositions heretofore made by me and declare this to be my last will which I make
……….this day of ……….20
 
(2) I devise and bequeath all my estate of every description viz lands, houses, here ditaments, shares, securities, debentures, bonds, money, debts, or other effects to which I shall be entitled or possessed 	at the time of my death or over which I shall have a general power of disposition by will, save and except what I otherwise dispose off by any 	codicil hereto unto (i) Shri ……….son of ……….and (ii) Shri ……….son of ……….of ; and (iii) Shri ……….son of ……….of ……….upon trusts and the said Shri ……….…….and Shri 	shall stand possessed of all my estate on my death and they shall sell, transfer or otherwise dispose off my estate as they shall in their sole judgment and discretion consider to be in the interest of or beneficial to my estate, without being in any way responsible or liable for any loss or damage occasioned thereby.
 
(3) I further direct that the said trustees will also be authorised to 	realizeand recover the rents, profits, dividends, interest, or benefits  	thereof and after paying my funeral and the administration expense of my estate and providing for or paying my debts, if any, shall spend the money for the construction of a temple on the land bearing plot
No . ……….Survey No……….Taluka ……….District 	and more particularly described in the Schedule hereto and delineated on the plan annexed to these presents and thereon coloured red, and according to specifications contained in the plan annexed to these presents and shall instal the idols of Lakshmi, Gaytri and Saraswati in the said temple and the said trustees shall invest the residue of the said money in such securities as are mentioned in section 20 of the Indian Trusts Act, 1882..
 
(4) I hereby direct that the interest, dividend, profits and benefits of Spend the investments will be spent on the maintenance of temple, puja, salary of pujari and expenses and of annual festivals to be held in the said temple.
 
(5) I hereby further direct that if both or either of the said Shri……….Shri……….and Shri………. shall die or be desirous of being discharged from or refuse or become unfit or incapable to act as trustees, the said trust as aforesaid in every such case, the surviving or continuing trustee or trustees may appoint any person or persons to be trustee or trustees in the place of the trustee or trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged or refusing or becoming unfit or incapable to act as aforesaid by writing and on every such appointment, the trust properties shall be vested in the trustee or trustees for the time being and every trustee or trustees so appointed shall act and assist in execution of the said trust as fully and effectually as if he or they had been appointed as a trustee or trustees by me, provided that the number of trustees shall not be less than two and more than six.
 
The Schedule above referred to
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I the above named have 	set by hands to this my will this ……….day of ……….20……….
Signed and acknowledged by the above named 	in our presence, who in his presence, have hereunto subscribed our names and as witnesses 
 
WITNESSES.
1.
2.                                                                                   ……….……….……….
	Signature of the Testator

