WILL IN FAVOUR OF RELATIONS

I, AB etc., of ………………. hereby revoke all my wills and codicils, if any, and make this my last will on the …………… day of …….. in the city of……………

WHEREAS my wife CD died on …………… leaving behind three daughters who have been married and are living with their respective husbands;

AND WHEREAS I desire to make provision for my brother, a son of my late elder brother and other relations hereinafter mentioned.

NOW I hereby devise my property as follows:

I, devise my house in which I am living situate on………………. Road bearing Municipal No. …………….. in the city of …………… to my mother for her life.

I, devise my three shops situate on ………………….. bearing Municipal Nos. …….. respectively in the city of ………….. to  Shri XY, son of my late elder brother Shri KL, for his life and thereafter for the life of his wife in case she survives her husband and thereafter to their issue in equal shares as absolute owners thereof.

I, devise my land in the city of …………. bearing Khasra No. ……… and called as………………………to my eldest daughter who is directed to make a present of about one tenth of the produce thereof to my mother during her life- time and one tenth of the produce to my second daughter, Shrimati, EF and one tenth of the produce to my third daughter, Shrimati GH.  The expenses of delivering the said produce to my mother shall be borne by my first daughter, to whom the garden has been devised, but the expenses of delivering the aforesaid presents to my other daughters shall be borne by the said daughters respectively and they may take delivery of the same on their own respective cost from my third daughter at the said land  itself. In case any dispute should arise between my  said daughters or my mother about the non delivery or the quantity so delivered. Or the quality of the produce delivered, the same shall be final if she is living even if she may be one  of the disputants, and in case of her demise the said dispute may be referred for settlement to my brother Mr. JK..

I, bequeath to my second daughter, Shrimati EF, the shares of the value of Rs………….  Now standing in my name in the register of ……………………..….. Company . 

In case the said company should hereafter fail or entitled to recover the equivalent of the said sum of Rs. …………….  after  taking into account the value of the shares aforementioned at the time of my devise from my other properties.

I, bequeath to my youngest daughter, Shrimati…………. The business now running under the name and style of …………….. by me.

I, bequeath to my brother, Mr. JK. a sum of Rs. …….……..  out of which any sum that may be accruing due to me from him under any loan transaction shall be first adjusted.

I bequeath to my sister, Shrimati LM, a sum or Rs……………….. out of my estate.

I bequeath the residue of my estate, if any, to Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Fund.

I appoint the President of the District Bar Association of …………… as my executor who shall be entitled to charge a remuneration of Rs. ………….. per month besides the usual expenses for administering the estate.

	IN WITNESSES WHEREOF, I , the said AB, have executed this will in the presence of the witnesses hereunder who have attested the same in my presence.


(Sd.) ………………
                                                                                                            ( AB)
Witnesses:
1. ……………….
 									
2………………….	


