WILL BY A HINDU IN FAVOUR OF FAMILY

This is the Last Will of mine, AB, etc., a Hindu, made this the …………… day of ………….……., 2000, voluntarily and while in sound state of mind.

	WHEREAS I am now 70 years old and have been keeping indifferent health for a past few months;

	AND WHEREAS I am possessed of considerable movable and immovable properties more particularly described in the schedule annexed hereto which are my self acquired properties and which were acquired without any detriment to the ancestral property or to the family funds and I have the absolute powers of disposal over the same .

	AND WHEREAS  I am anxious to make necessary arrangements in respect of the enjoyment of my properties after my life time so that unnecessary misunderstanding and consequential wasteful litigation between the members of my family may be avoided. Therefore, I am executing this last will and testament of mine of my own free will voluntarily without any compulsion or pressure of any person and with a sound disposing mind and declare as follows:

I hereby revoke all former wills and codicils made by me at any time heretofore.

I have my wife CD, two daughters EF and GH and two sons KL and MN who will be entitled to succeed to my properties under law in the normal course. But my daughters are all married and they are living separately with their husbands. They have been properly and well provided for during their marriage. They are therefore not given any share in my properties under this will.

I bequeath the property bearing No. ……. Described as item No. 1 in the Schedule hereto to my first son KL absolutely to be held and enjoyed by him with full and absolute powers of alienation.

I bequeath the property bearing No. ….. ….. described as item No. 2 in the Schedule hereunder to my second son MN absolutely to be held and enjoyed by him with full and absolute powers of disposal.

I bequeath to my wife CD the property bearing No………… and described as item No. 3 in the Schedule hereto absolutely to be held and enjoyed by her with full and absolute power of alienation.

Any assets, movable or immovable, which might be omitted from being mentioned in this will or which may hereafter be acquired by me shall be taken by my wife and the two sons aforesaid in equal shares absolutely.

Though I have bequeathed no share in my properties to my daughters aforesaid , as a token of love and affection for them I hereby direct my two sons KL and MN that each one of them will pay to each one of my daughters a sum of Rs…………… and this sum shall be a charge on the properties allotted to my above sons respectively hereto. 

All the jewelry and ornaments, gold and silver, will belong to my wife absolutely and my sons or daughters aforesaid will have no right to the same .

I hereby appoint my two sons KL and MN as the joint executors under this will. 

SCHEDULE OF PROPERTY

1…………………………….

2……………………………

3……………………………


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF I, the above named testator have signed this will hereunder the day and year first written above.

								………………….(Sd.)
                     								(AB)

Signed by the above named AB in our presence at the same time and each of us has in th e presence of the testator signed his name hereunder as an attesting witness.

WITNESSES;
1.

2.

