ENDOWMENT FOR ESTABLISHING A HINDU TEMPLE

THIS DEED made at …………..the …………..day of .....................20…………..	between A, son of………….. resident of ......................, hereinafter called the Founder, of the ONE PART and X, son of resident of…………..Y, son  of Shri …………..resident of…………..and Smt. Z wife of ......................resident of …………..hereinafter called the Trustees of the SECOND PART.
 
WHEREAS the founder is the absolute owner of the properties mentioned in Schedule attached hereto, hereinafter referred to as the said properties;
 
AND WHEREAS the founder being desirous of reaping spiritual	benefits for himself and his ancestors has constructed a temple and installed the Idol of Shri Vishnu Bhagwan Ji Maharaj therein;
 
AND WHEREAS the founder is desirous of dedicating sufficient properties and funds to the said Idol for the permanent, proper and  regular performance of puja and worship of the said Idol.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH that in consideration of the 	premises, the founder doth hereby transfers, conveys and assures unto the said trustees all and singular the properties, securities, investments, fully described In the Schedule hereto; to hold the same unto the said trustees or ever upon trust and with and subject to the terms, powers, provisions and declarations hereinafter mentioned.
 
(2) The trustees shall pay and discharge all expenses and charges properly incurred in or about the execution of the trust and shall spend the residue of income of the temple in providing for maintenance of temple, performance of periodical ceremonies and festivals.
 
(3) The trustees will be authorised to determine what money is required for the purposes of the execution of the said trust and generally to determine all matters relating to the trust and decision of the majority of the trustees on such matters shall be binding and be effectual and shall be carried out.
 
(4) The Trustees shall engage and employ priests and other employees as they think fit for performing the puja in the temple on such salaries or pay as they think fit. At present Pandit ......................son of Pandit …………..is the Pujari of the said temple and he will continue to be pujari, so long as he is capable of performing the puja of the temple and after he retires, the trustees may employ Pujari …………..in his place.
 
(5) The trustees will maintain proper accounts of income and expenditure of the properties and assets of the temple regularly and the said accounts will be audited annually by a Chartered Accountant.
 
(6) The trustees will not be personally liable for any loss to the properties and assets of the trust, unless the trustees are guilty of fraud.
 
(7) If any trustee or all of them shall die or be desirous of being	discharged from or refuse or become unfit or personally incapable to act	in the said trust or accepts an inconsistent trust or becomes bankrupt or found guilty by court of an offence involving moral turpitude or becomes insolvent or remains absent from India for a period of six of new months, then the new trustee or trustees will be appointed by the District Judge in the place of the trustee or trustees so desiring to be discharged or refusing or becoming unfit or incapable to act as aforesaid or declared bankrupt or found guilty of an offence of moral	turpitude or declared insolvent or remaining absent from India for a period of six months and upon every such appointment the said assets and properties of the trust shall be transferred so that the same may be vested in the trustees or trustee for the time being and every trustee so appointed shall act and assist in the execution of the said trust as fully and effectually as if he had virtually been appointed a trustee by the founder provided that the number of trustees of the said trust shall never be more or less than three.
 
(8) The trustees may sell the assets and properties of the trust or	aq part thereof for the purpose of investing the sale proceeds on more profitable securities.
 
(9) The temple will be open to Hindus of all castes and creed and they may enter into and worship the said deity.
 
(10) This is a public charitable trust and the properties and assets	of the trust shall not revert to the founder or his descendants or to any other person.
 
(11) The trust fund including the corpus and the income there from shall be utilised for the purposes of this trust and will not be utilised for any other purpose.
 
(12) For the purpose of stamp duty, the value of the trust property is Rs . …………..
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto set their hands the day, month and year first above written.
 
The Schedule above referred to
	
WITNESSES Signed and delivered by the within named founder Shri A
1.	Signed and delivered by the within named trustees
2.	S/Shri X, Yand Smt. Z

