EXCHANGE BY TWO SEPARATE DEEDS

THIS DEED of transfer is made at……………….on this……………….day of………20 
……………….	between A son of B resident of……………….(hereinafter called the "Transferor") of the FIRST Part and C son of.................(hereinafter called the  Transferee") of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS the transferor is the owner of the land with house bearing Municipal No . situated in...................	City, more particularly described in the First Schedule hereunder written (and hereinafter called "the said premises").
 
AND WHEREAS the transferor has agreed to transfer the said premises to and in favour of the transferee in consideration of the agreement of the transferee to convey the land with house bearing Municipal No……………….situated on………………. Road.....................City……………….more particularly described in the Second Schedule hereunder written
 
NOW THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH that in pursuance of the premises, the transferor hereby transfers and conveys absolutely all his rights, title and interest in the said premises unto the transferee, his heirs, assigns and legal representatives to have and to hold the same for ever as owner thereof subject to the condition that the transferee shall cause to be registered the deed of transfer executed by the said transferee in favour of the said transferor in respect of the house more particularly described in the Second Schedule and complete the transfer in all respects 
 
AND the parties hereby covenant with each other that this transaction shall become void on any of the said transfer deeds becoming imperfect in any circumstance whatsoever
 
 (2) This deed has been marked "Deed No. 1" for the purposes of identification and the correlative deed is marked "Deed No. 2".
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto set and subscribed their respective hands the day and year first above written.
First Schedule above referred to
		(Description of the property of the transferor)
Second Schedule above referred to
		(Description of the property of the transferee)
 
WITNESSES 	Signed and delivered by the within named transferor
1 .
 
2.	Signed and delivered by the within named transferee
 
 
THIS DEED of transfer is made at……………….on this..............................day of ……………….	20……………….between C son of D resident of…………(hereinafter called "the Transferor") of the FIRST PART and A son of B resident of………………. (hereinafter called "the Transferee") of the OTHER PART
 
WHEREAS the transferor is the owner of land with house bearing Municipal No . ……………….situated on……………….Road, ……………….City, more particularly described in the First Schedule hereunder written (and hereinafter called "the said premises").
 
AND WHEREAS the transferor has agreed to transfer the said premises to and in favour of the transferee in consideration of the agreement of the transferee to convey the land with house bearing Municipal No ……………….situated on……………….Road.......city more particularly described in the Second Schedule hereunder written.
 
NOW THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH that in pursuance of the premises, the Transferor hereby transfers and conveys absolutely all his rights, title and interest in the said premises unto the transferee, his heirs, assigns and legal representatives, to have and hold the same for ever as owner thereof subject to the condition that the transferee shall cause to be registered the deed of transfer executed by the said transferee in favour of the said transferor in respect of the house more particularly described in the Second Schedule and complete the transfer in all respects
 
AND THE PARTIES hereby covenant with each other that this transaction shall become void on any of the said transfer deeds becoming imperfect in any circumstance whatsoever.
 
(2) This deed has been marked "Deed No. 2" for the purposes of identification and the correlative deed is marked "Deed No. 1 ".
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto set and subscribed their respective hands the day and year first hereinabove written.
		First Schedule above referred to
	(Description of the property of the transferor)
		Second Schedule above referred to
	(Description of the property of the transferee)
 
WITNESSES 	Signed and delivered by the within named transferor
1. .
 
2.	Signed and delivered by the within named transferee

