
Appointment Letter to a Clerk/Office Assistant

Ref. No. ……………………..					
Date :………………..

To,
........................................
........................................
Re : Appointment of Clerk/Office Assistant.

Dear Mr.

We refer to your application dated …….. and later on interview you had with us.  We are pleased to appoint you as a Clerk/Office Assistant in our Organisation at our ……………………. with effect from ………………..on a consolidated salary of Rs. ……………….. per month.  Details of terms and conditions of service are indicated hereunder please sign the duplicate copy of this letter as a token of your acceptance to the terms and conditions of service.

Wish you all success.
For……………………….Co.,

DIRECTOR/MANAGER/AUTHORISED/
COMPETENT PERSON
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE

1. Your employment in our company shall be on a probationary of …… months from the date of appointment.  The probationary period may be extended if deemed necessary, if your performance, conduct etc, is found satisfactory.

2. During the probationary period your services are liable to be terminated without any notice and without assigning any reasons.  

3. After written confirmation your services can be terminated by giving ………. month's notice or pay in lieu thereof with or without assigning any reasons therefor.

4. You shall faithfully and to the best of your ability per for my/our duties that may be entrusted to you by the Management. You will be bound by the rules, regulations and orders promulgated by the Company from time to time in relation to conduct, discipline, retirement and any other matter.

5. You are liable to be transferred to any place in India or abroad to any of the existing or future branch offices or subsidiaries or associated companies.  In such cases, you will be automatically governed by the terms and conditions of the services applicable at the new location.

6. You will be entitled to …… days earned privilege leave after each completed year of service and such leave may be accumulated up to a maximum of …………days.  You shall be punctual and will apply for the leave in advance whenever possible though the leave credit will be given to you for the of probationary period, you cannot avail leave with pay during this period.

7. The quantum and timings of future increments or promotions shall be based among other things, on merits, and performance, exigencies of the business and shall be at the absolute discretion of Management.

I have read, understood and accepted

For……………………….Co.,

DIRECTOR/MANAGER/AUTHORISED/
COMPETENT PERSON

