
Appointment Letter to a Driver

Ref. No. ……………								Date : ……….

To,
……………………..
……………………..
			
Ref : Your application dated : …………..

With reference to your application dated above and the later on interview you had with us, we are glad to appoint you as a “Driver” in our organization on the following terms and conditions :-

TERM AND CONDITIONS :

01. You will draw a salary of Rs……………. P.M. in the grade of Rs…………apart from usual allowances.

02. Your appointment for the period of ……….. will be on probation, which can be extended further or terminated earlier at the discretion of the management.

03. You will however, continue to be on probation till you are expressly confirmed in writing by the management.

04. Your continuation in the employment will always be subject to your remaining physically and mentally fit and alert. The management shall have every right to get you medically examined or re-examined at any time by the registered medical practitioner, or Eye-specialist or a civil surgeon, whose finding will be final and binding upon you.

05. In respect of driving the vehicle. You will be held responsible for all acts, omissions and non compliance of rules and regulations for vehicle by you for the company. If any fine or penalty etc. is to be paid by the company on account of your negligence or violation of rules and regulations, you will reimburse the said amount forthwith you will ensure proper maintenance and upkeep of the vehicle and the instructions/directions that may be given to you from time to time will always be complied with.

06. You will be a whole - time employee of the Organisation and as such you will not engage yourself else where for any work either honourary for remuneration without permission from the management.

07. Your services will be liable to be transferred from one place to another and/or from one branch office to another and/or from one vehicle to another purely at the discretion of the Management.

08. You will not drive the vehicle in a drunken state or under the influence of any other intoxication or drugs.

09. You will be personally responsible for strict observance and compliance of the traffic rules and regulations.

10. You will keep the vehicle in a clean and good working conditions and will be responsible to see that the vehicle is periodically serviced and tuned.

11. In case of challan or prosecution or fine for violation of any traffic rules and regulations, you will be personally liable for the payment of fine imposed on you for such violation.

12. In case, any part of the vehicle is stolen and/or is found missing, you will be personally liable to make good the loss to the company.

13. You will responsible for the safe custody of the vehicle driven by you and in case of damage or loss, due to your negligence, you would be held responsible to make good such loss of damage.

14. At the close of your duty, you will park the vehicle properly locked in the garage or at the usual parking place and shall hand over its keys to the person authorised  in this behalf.

15. You will maintain proper account of purchase/consumption of petrol/diesel and lubricant oil and shall make proper entries in the log book, which shall always kept in the vehicle and you will produce the same for inspection as and when required.

16. You will not leave the premises of the Organisation nor you will take the vehicle any where unless so permitted by the management.

17. You will not allow any unauthorized person to travel in the vehicle.

18. While on duty, you will wear a neat clean and ironed uniform, and will keep the driving licence with you.

19. It is clearly understood that as driver, it could be your duty to take the vehicle for outstations journeys and when so required. However, for such out station journeys you will be paid Rs………… as diet money for each day unless there will be proper arrangement for safe custody of vehicle, you will sleep in the vehicle itself.

20. Your duty hours will be from ………..……… to …..……… and/or will be decided by the management. 

In case the above term and conditions are acceptable to you, please sign the Carbon copy of the letter in token of your acceptance and return the same for record.
For……………………….Co.,

MANAGER/AUTHORISED/COMPETENT 
PERSON

