RECONVEYANCE DEED

This Indenture made at……………..this……………..day of....................20………between A, son of……………..resident of.....................	, hereinafter called the Mortgagee of the ONE PART and B, son of……………..resident of……………..hereinafter called the Mortgagor of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS the Mortgagor mortgaged in favour of the Mortgagee the property described in the Schedule hereunder written, by an Indenture of Mortgage dated the……………..	day of…20……………..registered in the Office of Sub‑Registrar of Assurances...................under Serial No ……………..	of 20……………..under date.....................to secure a loan of Rs… . lent by the Mortgagee to the Mortgagor.
 
AND WHEREAS the Mortgagor has paid a sum of Rs ……………..on account of principal and interest thereon payable under the said Mortgage and willing to pay the balance of Rs . ……………..for redemption of the mortgage.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH THAT in consideration of the payment of Rs . ………… to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor paid in full of the principal sum and interest due and owing to the mortgagee on the security of the said Indenture of the Mortgage (the receipt whereof the Mortgagee doth hereby admit and acknowledge and of and from the same doth hereby acquit, release and forever discharge the Mortgagor), the Mortgagee doth hereby retransfer and reconvey to the Mortgagor all that the said mortgage property, more particularly described in the Schedule hereto, to have and hold the same unto the Mortgagor absolutely and free from encumbrances of any kind whatsoever and discharged from all claims, demands and rights of the Mortgagee under the said mortgage and the Mortgagee hereby covenant with the Mortgagor that he has not done or knowing or willingly suffered or been party or privy to any act, deed or thing whereby or by reason of means whereof the said mortgaged property hereby
reconveyed or retransferred or intended so to be or any of them or any part thereof may or shall be impeached, affected or encumbered in title, estate or otherwise howsoever.
 
AND THE MORTGAGEE HEREBY DECLARES AND CONFIRMS that he has delivered the title deeds in respect of the mortgaged property and the Deed of Mortgage to the Mortgagor.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Mortgagee has hereunto set his hand the day and year first hereinabove written.
 
The Schedule above referred to
 
WITNESSES	

1	Signed and delivered by the withinnamed Mortgagee

2.

