Administration Bond 

(SECTION 291, INDIAN SUCCESSION ACT) 

Know all men that we, RN, s/o Late DN r/o .. and KG s/o SN r/o .. (surety for Mr. RN) bind ourselves jointly and severally to Shri KN, . for payment to him or his successor in office of the sum of Rs 

We have signed this bond on this.day of..at . 

Signature

Signature


Whereas by an order of the Court of the said District Judge, , Mr. KN, made on the day ofthe said Mr. RN has been appointed administration of the estate of DN, subject to the condition that said RN enter into a bond of Rs.with a surety for the same amount for the due collection, getting in and administration of the estate of the deceased. 

And whereas the said Mr. RN has agreed to enter into the above mentioned bond and the said KG has agreed to enter into bond as security to Mr. RN.

NOW THIS BOND WITNESSES AS UNDER :
 

Now the condition of the above written bond is that if the said Mr. RN do and shall within six months form the date of granting of the letter of administration of the estate of Late DN deceased, or such further time as the Court may grant, exhibit in the said Court of the District Judge an inventory, complete in all respect, containing a full and true estimate of the estate of the deceased, and all credits and also all debts owing by any person to which RN is entitled as administration, and do and shall, within one year form the date of the said grant, or such further time, as he said court may appoint, exhibit an account of the estate of the said Late DN (deceased), showing the assets which have come to his hands and the manner in which they have been applied or disposed of, and do and shall just and true administration, credits and estate according to law, and shall deliver and pay to such person or persons, as shall be lawfully entitled thereto, all the rest and residue of the property, credits and estate which shall be found remaining upon the said administration account, then the above written bond shall stand void but otherwise it shall remain in full force.


We the above noted parties have signed this bond on this.day ofat Lucknow after fully understanding the contents of this bond in the presence of the following witnesses. 

Witnesses: 
. Name Signature 

Address Administrator
 

2. Name Signature 

Address Surety
