BOND BY A PERSON OBTAINING LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION WITH TWO SURETIES

KNOWN ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that we, A son of...........	resident of …………and B son of ………….	resident of ………..	and C son of …………….resident of being sureties for the said A hereby bind ourselves jointly and severally unto Shri ...........Prothonotary and Senior Master of the High Court of Judicature at..............	I in the sum of Rs ………….. 	to be paid to him or his successors‑in‑office for which payments well and truly to be made, we bind ourselves and each and every of us jointly and severally, our and each and every of our heirs, executors, administrators and representatives firmly by these presents.
Signed by us on this ………	day of ……….	20……

WHEREAS by an order of the High Court of Judicature at 	in its testamentary and intestate jurisdiction passed by the Hon'ble Mr. Justice ………………	made on the …………	day of ………	the above named A has been appointed as administrator of the estate of D deceased subject to the said A entering into a bond of Rs …………. with two sureties in the same sum for the due collection and administrating the estate of the aforesaid deceased.
 
AND WHEREAS the said A has agreed to enter into the above mentioned bond and ‑the said B and C have agreed to enter into the said bond as sureties for the said A.

NOW the condition of this obligation is that if said A do make or cause to be made a true and perfect inventory of all the property and credit of the said deceased, which have or shall come to the hands,possession or knowledge of the said A and the same so made do exhibit or cause to be exhibited unto the High Court of Judicature at.........within six months from the grant to him of Letters of Administration of the estate of D deceased or such further time as the said court may appoint, and the said property and credits and all the other properties and credit of the said deceased at the time of his deathor which at any time afterwards shall come to the hands or possession of the said A or to the hands or possession of any other person or persons for him, shall well and truly administer according to law, and further shall make or cause to be made, a true and just account of the said administration within one year from the said grant or such further time and shall deliver and pay to such person or persons as shall be entitled thereto, to all the rest and residue of the said property and credits which shall be found remaining upon the said administration account, the same being first examined and allowed of by the High Court of Judicature at .................

Then the above written obligation shall be void and of no effect, or else shall remain in full force and virtue.

WITNESSES	

1Signed and delivered by the within named A
 
2 .Signed and delivered by the within named B

3.Signed and delivered by the within named C


