FAMILY ARRANGEMENT IN WHICH THE DAUGHTERS CONVEY THEIR SHARES IN FAVOUR OF THEIR BROTHER


THIS DEED is made at…………..on this…………..day of.......	20…………..between Smt. A wife of Shri 	resident of hereinafter called as Smt. A, of the ONE PART and Smt. B wife of Shri.. …………..resident of…………..hereinafter called as Smt. B of the SECOND PART and Shri C son of D resident of 	hereinafter called as Shri C, of the THIRD PART.
 
WHEREAS D now deceased was seized and possessed of the property, more particularly described in Schedule hereto, and the said D has died on …………..intestate. 
 
 
AND WHEREAS the parties to this deed are the only legal heirs entitled to share in the estate of D. 
 
AND WHEREAS Smt. A and Smt. B have been married in very respectable families and the said D had spent substantial sums on their marriage and the said D had been paying money and offering gifts to them on the occasion of festivals and functions in the family and after the death of said D, C has been paying money and offering gifts to them on the occasion of festivals and functions in the family. 
 
AND WHEREAS on account of their love and affection, the said Smt. A and Smt. B are desirous to transfer their shares to C for his absolute use and benefit free from encumbrances.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS: 
 
(1)In pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the premises, the said Smt. A and Smt. B as beneficial owners hereby assign and release unto Shri C all that their shares and interests in the property described in the Schedule hereunder written to hold the same unto the said Shri C as absolute owner thereof without any encumbrance or charge.
 
(2)The said Smt. A and Smt. B hereby agree, undertake and declare that none of them will have any right, title or interest in the property described in the Schedule hereto or any other property which is found later on to be left by the deceased D and C will hold the said property as absolute owner 1hereof without any encumbrance or ch-arge
 
(3)The said Smt. A and Smt. B include their respective legal heirs,. successors and legal representatives. 
 
(4)The cost of the execution and registration of this deed shall be borne by Shri C. 
 
(5)The said Smt. A and Smt. B have obtained independent advice and they are fully aware of meaning and effect of this deed 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set and subscribed their hands to this writing the day and year first hereinabove written
		
The Schedule above referred to

WITNESSES	Signed and delivered by the within named Smt A

 
.	Signed and delivered by the within named Smt. B
	
	Signed and delivered by the within named Shri C

