RELEASE OF PROPERTY FROM CHARGE FOR MAINTENANCE UNDER A WILL

THIS DEED of Release made the ……….day of ….20……….between Smt. A, wife of Y residing at (hereinafter called "the Releasor") of the ONE PART and X, son of Y, residing at................(hereinafter called "the Releasee") of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS Y, the husband of the said Smt. A who died on The............day of ……….19 ……….left a will dated ……….whereby and whereunder he appointed the said X as the sole executor and bequeathed all his properties unto and to the use of the said X subject to a payment of Rs . ……….per month to the said Smt. A and by the said will charged the payment of the said amount of maintenance on the property described in Schedule hereto.
 
AND WHEREAS the said will was duly proved in the court of.....................Judge . 	High Court and probate thereof was granted to the said X on the ……….day of……….19 ……….
 
AND WHEREAS the said X is paying Rs . ……….to Smt. A as maintenance regularly on 1st of each month.
 
AND WHEREAS the said X has requested the said Smt. A to accept a sum of Rs. 5 lakhs and release the properties and give up her claim as to future maintenance, which Smt. A has agreed to give up her claim as to future maintenance as against the property described in Schedule hereto.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH that in pursuance of the aforesaid agreement and in consideration of the said sum of Rs . ………. (Rupees……….only) paid by X to Smt. A (the receipt of which the said Smt. A doth hereby admit, acknowledge and confirm), the said Smt. A hereby releases the property described in the Schedule hereto from the charge of maintenance created by or under the hereinbefore recited will of the said X and discharge the said X from all her claims as to future maintenance and also from all actions, demands, claims and proceedings whatsoever on account therefor.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the above named Smt. A has hereunto set her hand the day, month and year first above written.
 
WITNESSES
1	Signed and delivered by the within named Smt. A

2.

