AGREEMENT TO LET A HOUSE
This agreement is made this......................... day of......................... between ......................... s/o......................... (hereinafter called the Lessor which expression shall mean and include his heirs, executors, legal representatives and assigns) of the one part and the......................... (hereinafter called the Lessee which expression shall mean and include their successors in interest and assigns) of the other part.
Whereas the lessor is the absolute owner of the premises situated at ......................... (hereinafter called the said building).
And where the lessor has agreed with the lessee to grant to the Lessee a lease in respect of First Floor of the said Building comprising of two rooms, one Bathroom, one kitchen, one w/c (hereinafter called the demised premises) for the period and terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
I. NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:
1. In consideration of the rent hereby reserved and of the convenants conditions and agreements hereinafter contained and on the part of the Lessee to be paid, performed and observed the Lessor hereby let out unto the Lessee all that the demised premises—
Together with the fixture and fittings within to hold unto the lessee for period of......................... on terms and conditions hereinbelow yielding and paying therefor during the said term to the Lessor the monthly rent of Rs.......................... (Rupees ......................... only) payable in advance on or before seventh of every month, for which the rent is due.
The lessee will also pay to the lessor security money equivalent to three month’s rent before taking possession of the demised premises.
II. THE LESSEE DOTH HEREBY CONVENANT WITH THE LESSOR AS FOLLOWS:
1. To pay the rent hereby reserved at the time and in the manner prescribed.
2. To maintain and use the demised premises together with fitting and fixtures thereon as described in schedule I in good tenant condition and in accordance with the rules, regulations and bye-laws of the Government and Municipal authorities having jurisdiction over the demised premises.
3. Not to sub-let, assign or otherwise part with the possession of the demised premises or any portion thereof without the written consent of the Lessor.
4. The lessee will not make any structural or permanent alteration in the demised premises. The lessee may, however, make any alterations necessary for the installation of air-conditioning, air-cooling equipments, provided that upon termination or soon determination of the lease, the Lessee shall remove all such fixtures, equipment and installations and restore the demise premises to the state as it existed
at the commencement of the occupancy of the premises.
5. Upon termination and sooner determination of this lease, peacefully and quietly yield upto the demised premises and to surrender and deliver unto the Lessor vacant possession of the demised premises in the same condition as it existed at the commencement of the occupancy of the premises.
6. To do all day-to-day repairs such as replacement of electrification, leakage of water taps and all minor repairs to the demised premises, caused by normal wear and tear, at Lessee’s own cost. Major repairs such as cracks in walls, bursting of sanitary pipes, etc. will have to be done by the Lessor at his own cost.
7. To pay electricity and water consumption charges directly to the authorities.
III. AND THE LESSOR DOTH HEREBY COVENANT WITH THE LESSEE AS FOLLOWS:
1. The lessor has good right and full power to grant this lease to the lessee and to enter into covenants, conditions and agreements herein contained.
2. The lessor will pay all taxes and public dues in respect of the demised premises.
3. The demised premises will be used for the residential purposes of .................................................. (hereinafter called the lessee). In the event of transfer of the said occupant officer of the lessee or if he ceases to be in the employment of the lessee the lessee waives its right to retain the premises and shall hand over vacant possession of the premises to the lessor in the same condition, as it existed at the time of occupancy.
4. The occupant officer of the demised premises,......................... with prior intimation will permit the lessor or any of his representative to enter upon the premises at all reasonable times for either inspection or repair of the premises as and when necessary.
5. The internal/external painting, distempering and polishing of the demised premises will be done prior to occupation of the demised premises, by the occupant officer......................... this will be repeated once in every three years.
6. To issue proper rent receipt upon receiving the rent from the lessee.
IV. AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED AND DECLARED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES TO THESE PRESENTS AS 
FOLLOWS:
1. The lease may however, be extended for a further period of......................... years by enhancing rent by......................... per cent on terms and conditions as mutually be agreed upon between lessor and lessee.
2. At any time during the period of this lease and/or during the renewed period herein envisaged, either party may terminate this lease on giving one month’s notice in writing to the other party.
In witness whereof the parties hereto have signed these presents on the day and year first above written.
Witnesses 
1. .............. 					Signed and delivered by the lessor in the presence of
2. .............. 					Signed and delivered by the lessee in the presence of

