SALE DEED OF A HOUSE

THIS INDENTURE of sale made on this the ………..day of.......................Two thousand and ………..between Shri X, son of Shri Y, resident of ………..hereinafter called the Vendor (which expression shall include wherever applicable his heirs, executors, legal representatives and assigns) of the ONE PART and A, son of B, resident of ………..hereinafter called the purchaser (which expression shall include wherever applicable his heirs, executors, legal representatives and assigns) of the OTHER PART.
 
	WHEREAS one Shri ………..had by means of a deed of conveyance dated ………..and registered as No ………..in Book No ………..Volume ………..on pages ………..in the off ice of Joint Sub‑Registrar at ………..had acquired the estate which was commonly known as Gupta Niwas  ………..and thereafter had constructed new houses on the open land and named the same as .................and 
 
	WHEREAS on the demise of the said Shri ............................ Shri 	………..son of 	resident of ………..had acquired the said premises by means of the last will and testament of the said Shri ………..dated ………..and registered as No.........................in the Book No .………..Volume pages ...................in the office of the Joint Sub‑Registrar . ………..on...........................and
 
	WHEREAS the said Shri ………..sold out the entire estate to Shri ...jointly with Shri ………..by means of a sale deed ………..dated ………..Registered as No . ………..of ………..in Book No . ………..Volume No . ………..on pages 	in the office of the Joint Sub‑Registrar, Meerut on the ………..;and
 
	WHEREAS the said Shri ………..jointly with Shri ………..sold out the entire estate to Smt ………..and Shri ………..by means of a sale deed dated Registered as No . ………..in  Book No . ………..Volume ………..on pages dated ...................in the office of Joint Sub‑Registrar, Meerut; and
 
	WHEREAS the said Smt ………..and Shri ………..jointly sold a portion of the said estate (approx about 	acres) to Smt ………..wife of 	and Shri ………..son of late  resident of ..........................by sale deed dated registered as No . in Book ................Volume No . ………..pages 	in the office of 	Joint Sub‑Registrar . ………..;and
 
	WHEREAS the said Smt ………..and Shri ………..jointly sold other portion of the said estate (approx about 3.50 acres) to Smt 	wife of  ...........................and Shri ………..son of late   resident of ………..by a sale deed dated  …..registered as No . ………..in Book No . ………..Volume No....................in the office of Joint Sub‑Registrar . ………..;and
 
	WHEREAS the said Smt ………..and Shri ………..jointly sold the entire property under their ownership admeasuring approx 3.50 acres to the Vendor by sale deed dated ......................registered as No . ………... Book No… ...Volume No . ………..pages ………..in the office of Joint Sub‑Registrar, Meerut; and
 
	WHEREAS Smt ………..and Shri ………..also jointly sold the property to Vendor under their ownership admeasuring  about acres by sale deed dated ………..registered as No ………..Book No ………..Volume No . ………..pages ………..on ………..in the office of Joint Sub‑Registrar,..................	;and
 
WHEREAS the Vendor herein has become absolute owner of the total extent of acres and the building constructed thereon more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder; and
 
WHEREAS the said property was renamed as Gupta Niwas and at the request of the Vendor the change of name was also recorded in the records of Municipal Board . ………..
 
AND WHEREAS the Vendor has offered to sell the said 7.00 acres of land, bearing plot No ………..situate on ………..known as Gupta Niwas ………..together with a building bearing No………..	Road, Meerut, and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase the said property more particularly described in the schedule hereunder and delineated in the plan attached hereto and coloured  red thereon for a total sale consideration of a sum of Rs . ……….. (Rupees……….. only).
NOW THIS INDENTURE OF SALE WITNESSETH AS UNDER
 
That in pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the said sum of Rs . ……….. (Rupees ………..only) paid by the Purchaser herein unto the Vendor before execution of these presents (the receipt of which sum the Vendor doth hereby acknowledge as the full consideration) the Vendor doth hereby grant, convey, and assign by way of absolute sale unto the Purchaser all those pieces and parcel of land admeasuring acres	bearing plot No . ………..popularly known as Gupta Niwas, situated at………..along with the building constructed thereon bearing municipal No . ………..more particularly described  in the Schedule herein and delineated in the plan attached hereto and
coloured ………..thereon together with building fixtures, etc with all the estate, right, title and interest of the Vendor herein together with all other rights, easements, advantages, privileges and appurtenances whatsoever in the said piece and parcel of land to have and to hold the same unto the Purchaser herein absolutely for ever and absolutely free from all encumbrances, claims, demands, attachments and charges of all claim but subject however to the payment of all Government assessment and other taxes payable to the Government or any other Local Authorities in respect of the said land and property more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder and delineated in the plan attached hereto and coloured ………..thereon together with all ways, waters, watercourses thereto, whatever in the said piece or parcel of land more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder and hereby conveyed, the Vendor covenant and confirm that all rents, rates, taxes, assessment dues, duties on the said property have been paid by them up to and including the date of these presents and further covenant that should any rates, taxes, dues and duties be found payable up to date, the same shall and will be paid by him; and
 
AND WHEREAS the Vendor doth hereby covenant with the said purchaser that he, the Vendor have good right, title, interest and full power to grant, convey and assign the said piece and parcel of property more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder and delineated in the plan attached hereto and coloured ………..thereon in the manner aforesaid and that the said property is free from all encumbrances, claims, demands and other court attachments and that the Purchaser may quietly enter into and enjoy the same, the rents and profits of the said property without any lawful interruption, claims, demand or disturbance whatsoever from the said vendor or any other person or persons claiming through, under or in trust for the said Vendor. And that free and clear and freely and clearly and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, released and forever discharged or otherwise by the vendor and sufficiently saved, defended, kept harmless and indemnified of, from and against all former and other estates, titles and charges and/or encumbrances whatever had made, executed, occassioned or suffered by the Vendor or by any other person or persons lawfully or equitably claiming or to claim by, from, under or in trust for them or any of them with the vendor and all persons having or lawfully or equitably claiming any estate, right, title or interest in law or in equity in all said property hereby assigned, transferred or any part thereof by, from or in trust for the vendor or his successors, assigns and representatives shall and will from time to time.
 
AND the Vendor doth hereby covenant with the Purchaser that notwithstanding any act, deed, matters or things whatsoever by the Vendor or by any person or persons lawfully or equitably claiming by, from, through, under or in trust for him, made, done, committed or knowingly or willingly suffered to the contrary, his right, title or interest to the said property not becoming void or voidable or the Vendor doth hereby covenant with the Purchaser that there is no mortgage, charge or lien or other encumbrances on the said property and the Vendor doth hereby further covenant with the Purchaser that the Purchaser, its visitors, servants, agents and licencees from time to time and at all times hereafter by day and night at its or their free will and pleasure for all purposes connected with the use and enjoyment of the said property hereby conveyed, and assured or expressed so to be to go to return, pass and re pass with or without vehicles of all descriptions (including mechanicaly propelled vehicles) laden or unladen and with or without animals over the common road and the Vendor declare that he has handed over to the Purchaser all documents of title relating to, belonging to or connected with the said property and the Vendor declare and confirm that he does not have any other document of title and should he come in possession of any evidence or document of or relating to title, he shall and will hand over or cause to be handed over to the Purchaser or any person claiming through or under the Purchaser.
 
AND, lastly the Vendor doth hereby confirm that he had handed	over to and placed the Purchaser in possession of the said property hereby granted, conveyed, transferred and assigned unto the Purchaser.
 
AND THE VENDOR DOTH HEREBY FURTHER COVENANT with the said Purchaser that whenever reasonably required by the said Purchaser and at the cost of the Purchaser, the Vendor will do sign and execute all other acts, deeds and writings for further and better	assuring the said land and property more particularly described in the	Schedule hereunder and hereby conveyed to the said Purchaser.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Vendor has hereunto set his hand to this Indenture of sale on the day, month and year first above herein written.
 
Schedule of the property above referred
 
All that piece or parcel of land or ground bearing plot No . ………..situate………..at………..admeasuring ………..acres or thereabouts along with the  building bearing Municipal No . ………..of ………..Meerut,	popularly known as Gupta Niwas . ………..marked A, B, C, D, E, F, G and delineated by the red colour in the site plan annexed hereto, within  the Registration District of ………..and bounded as follows:
 
North
South
East
West
 
WITNESSES	

1	Signed and delivered by Shri ………..the within named Vendor
2. 
 
RECEIVED the day and year first hereinabove written of and from the within named Purchaser a sum of Rs ……….. (Rupees ………..only) being the full consideration money as within mentioned payable  by it to us.
 
								I say received. 
Date: 								(Vendor)

