SALE OF A HOUSE BY AN EXECUTOR APPOINTED UNDER A WILL

THIS Deed of Sale made at ………..this………..day of.......................20………..by A, son of B, resident of  ………..appointed as executor under the will dated ………..executed by Shri………..(hereinafter called the Vendor) In favour of Shri C, son of ………..resident of………..(hereinafter called the Purchaser).
 
WHEREAS
 
(1) C was absolutely seized and possessed of or well and  sufficiently entitled to the house bearing Municipal No . ...................situated on………..Road .………..City, more particularly described in the Schedule hereto.
 
(2) The said C executed his last will and testament on .................wherein the Vendor herein has been appointed as an executor.
 
 (3) The said Vendor obtained the probate of the said will on..................	from the Court of ………..at ………..
 
 (4) In terms of the said Will, the legacies denoted in the said Will 	and testament have to be paid, which is not possible to pay without selling a part of the estate left by the deceased.
 
(5) As the house mentioned in the Schedule herein was being used by the deceased alone and after his death, the house is lying vacant and the sons and daughters of the deceased are well settled outside and therefore the Vendor desired the said house to be sold to pay the legacies described in the will.
 
(6) The Vendor has agreed to sell and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase the said house for a price of Rs . ………..vide	agreement dated 
 
NOW THIS SALE DEED WITNESSETH THAT in pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the sum of Rs . ...................... out of which a sum of Rs . ………..has been paid by the Purchaser on 	as earnest money (the receipt whereof the Vendor hereby acknowledges) and the payment of balance amount of Rs . ………..made by the Purchaser before the Sub­ Registrar at the time of registration of these presents (the receipt whereof the Vendor hereby acknowledges), the Vendor hereby sells, conveys and transfers to the Purchaser All that residential house bearing Municipal No . ………..situated on Road . ………..City, more particularly described in the Schedule hereto together with all lands, structures, and other buildings attached thereto, and all rights, privileges easements, and appurtenances held or enjoyed with or appurtenant to the same or reputed or known so to be to have and to hold the same unto the Purchaser as absolute owner  thereof free from encumbrances.
 
(2) The Vendor has delivered the possession of the house and title deeds in respect of the said house to the Purchaser before the presentation of this deed for registration.
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereunto set and subscribed  their respective hands on the day and year first above mentioned
WITNESSES
1 . 	Vendor .....
2. 	Purchaser

