FORM NO. 37EE
[See rule 48DD]
Statement to be registered with the competent authority under
section 269AB(2) of the Income-tax Act, 1961
1. Name and address of  the transferor
2. Name and address of  the transferee
3. @ Detailed description,  location and other particulars of the
property transferred
4. Whether land is freehold or leasehold
5. In the case of building-
(a) floorwise plinth area
(b) year or years in which the building was constructed
6. Where the  transfer  of  property  involves  transaction of  the
nature referred to in section 269AB(1)(a)—
(a) date of transfer
(b) date on which  possession of the  property was  taken by
the transferee if the date at ( b) above is prior to the date
at (a) above and the transferee retains the possession of
the property in part performance of the contract and does
some other act in furtherance of the contract—
(i) the nature of the act performed by the transferee in
furtherance of the contract
(ii) the  date on  which  such  act was  performed  by the
transferee
(Also attach copy of the contract)
7. Where  the  transfer  of  property  involves  transaction  of  the
nature referred to in section 269AB(l)( b)
(a) name and address of the co-operative society,  company
or other association of persons
(b) date of becoming a member of  and/or  acquiring shares
in co-operative society,  company or other association of
persons
(c) number and face value of the shares
(d) if the transfer is otherwise than by way of transfer of
shares in a co-operative society, a company or other as-
sociation of persons-
(i) the nature of act having the effect of transferring or
enabling the enjoyment of property
(ii) the date on which such act was performed
(Attach statement setting out the terms  of the agreement or ar-
rangement)



8. Name and address of person(s), if any,  in occupation  of  the
property
9. *Name and address  of any other  person(s)  interested in  the
property
10. Consideration for  transfer
11. Estimated fair market value of the property
12. If  the  transfer  is by way  of  exchange,  description  and  loca-
tion of  the thing or things for which the property is exchanged
13. ^Fair market value of  the thing or things mentioned against
 item 12
14. If the consideration for transfer is less than the estimated fair
market value, whether the transferee is a relative of the trans-
feror,  and  if  so,  indicate  relationship  and  state  whether the
transfer  for a consideration which is less than the fair market
value is on account of natural love and affection
……………………………………………..
Signature(s) of the person(s)
making the statement
Verification
I/We, ............…………………………………………, do hereby declare that what is stated above is true
to the best of my/our knowledge and belief.
Verified today the............………. day of..............  .....
 ……………………
Signature
Notes:
1. @ If  the space is insufficient, separate enclosure may be used for  the purpose.
2. *“person interested”,  in relation  to  any  immovable property, includes  all  persons  claiming  or en-
titled to claim an interest in the compensation payable on account of the acquisition of the property
under Chapter XXA of the Income-tax Act,  1961.
3. ^ “Fair market value”, in  relation to any immovable property transferred,  means the  price that im-
movable property would ordinarily fetch on sale in the open market on the date of execution of the
instrument of transfer of such property.
4. This  statement  should  be  signed  by  each  of  the  parties,  to  the  transaction  referred  to  in  section
269AB(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961, or by any of  the parties to such transaction acting on behalf
of himself and on behalf of the other  parties,  if the statement is signed only by one of such parties,
certified copy of document evidencing authority to act on behalf of other parties should be attached.



5. Verification should be made by all the parties signing the statement.
6. The statement should  be made in  duplicate and  should be  accompanied by  two  copies of contract
resulting in the transaction of  the nature referred to in section 269AB(1)(a) of the Income-tax Act,
1961, or as the case may be, of  a statement setting  out the  terms of the  agreement or arrangement
resulting in the transaction of the nature referred to in section 269AB(1)(b) of that Act.
