FORM NO. 56
[See rule 2C]
Application for grant of exemption or continuance thereof
under section 10(23C)(iv) and (v) for the year....................
1. Name and address of registered office of the trust/institution
2. Legal status, whether trust or registered society/others. Please
enclose a copy of certificate of registration
3. Objects of the trust
4. Names and addresses of the trustees/office bearers
5. Geographic area over which the activities of the trust are
performed. Enclose details of work done in different places
with addresses of branch offices and names and addresses of
office bearers in these places.
6. Enclose copies of memorandum of association, articles of
association, trust deed, rules/regulations of the trust or insti-
tution and those of other institutions like schools, hospitals,
etc., managed by the trust/institution
7. Enclose copies of audited accounts and balance sheet for the
last three years along with a note on the examination of
accounts and on the activities as reflected in the accounts and
in the annual reports with special reference to the appropri-
ation of income towards objects of the trust
8. Has the trust received any donations from a foreign country
to which the provisions of Foreign Contribution (Regulations)
Act, 1976, applies? Give details
9. Give assessment particulars :-
(i) Ward/Circle of jurisdiction and the last income returned
and assessed with permanent account number /GIR number
(ii) Is the income exempt under section 11?
(iii)Is any recovery of tax, etc., outstanding against the trust?
(iv)  Whether any penalties have been initiated/levied?
10. Total income of the trust including (voluntary contributions)
for the previous year relevant to the assessment year for or
from which the exemption is sought
1 1. Amount of income referred to above that has been or deemed
to have been utilised wholly and exclusively for the objects of
the trust income deemed to have been utilised shall have the
meaning assigned to it in sub-sections (1) and (1A) of section 11



12. Amount accumulated for the purposes mentioned in
column (3) above.
13. (i) Details of modes in  which the funds  of the trust are
invested or deposited showing the nature, value and
income from the investment
(it) Details of funds not invested in the modes specified in
section 11(5):
Sl. Name and address In the case of a Nominal value of Income from the
No. of the concern company, number the investment investment
and class of
shares held
(1) (2)
 (3) (4) (5)
14, (i) Is the trust carrying on any business (give details)?
(ii) Is the business incidental to the attainment of its objects
15. Details of nature, quantity and value of contributions (other
than cash) and the manner in which such  contributions
have been utilised
16.  Details of shares, security or other property purchased by or
on behalf of the trust from any interested person as specified
in sub-section (2) of section 13
17. Whether any part of the income or any property of the
association was used or applied, in a manner· which results
directly or indirectly in conferring any benefit, amenity or
perquisite (whether converted into money or not), on any
interested person as specified in sub-section (3) of section
13?  If so, details thereof.
18. Amount deemed to be income of the trust if sub-section (3)
of section 11, is made applicable.
19. The income that would have been assessable if the trust
had  not enjoyed the benefit of section 10(23C)(iv)or (v)



Certified that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place...........................
 ........................................
Date............................
 Signature
........................................
Designation
........................................
Full Address
Notes:
1. In this form, the term “trust” also includes a fund or institution or any other legal obligation.
2. The application form should be sent to the Director General (Income-tax, Exemptions) through the Commis-
sioner of Income-tax having jurisdiction over the trust or institution. Four copies of the application form along
with the enclosures should be sent.
3. Copies of the following documents should be annexed:-
(i) Deed of trust/memorandum and Articles of Association.
(ii) A list of trustees enclosing settlor/members of the Governing Council.
(iii)   A photocopy of the latest certificate under section 80G issued by the Commissioner of
Income-tax.
(iv) True copies of the assessment orders passed for the last three years.
(v) Photocopy of communication from the Commissioner of Income-tax with reference to the application
of the trust/institution for a registration under section 12A.
4. The applicant shall furnish any other documents or information as required by the Director-General
(Income-tax, Exemptions) or any authority authorised by the Director-General (Income-tax, Exemptions).
