FORM NO. 3CD
[See rule 6G(2)]
Statement of particulars required to be furnished under
section 44AB of the Income-tax Act, 1961
PART - A
1. Name of the assessee
 :
2. Address
 :
3. Permanent Account Number :
4. Status
 :
5. Previous year ended
 : 31s t March 
6. Assessment year
 :
PART - B
7. (a) If firm or Association of Persons, indicate
names of partners/members and their profit
sharing ratios.
(b) If there is any change in the partners/ members
or their profit sharing ratios, the particulars of
such change.
8. (a) Nature of business or profession
(b) If there is any change in the nature of business
or profession, the particulars of such change.
9. (a) Whether books of account are prescribed
under section 44AA. If yes, list of books so
prescribed.
(b) Books of account maintained.
(In case books of account are maintained in a
computer system, mention the books of account
generated by such computer system).
(c) List of books of account examined.
10. Whether the profit and loss account includes any
profits and gains assessable on presumptive basis,
if yes, indicate the amount and the relevant section
(44AD, 44AE, 44AF, 44B, 44BB, 44BBA,
44BBB or any other relevant section).



11. (a) Method of accounting employed in the previous
year.
(b) Whether there has been any change in the
method of accounting employed vis-à-vis
the method employed in the immediately
preceding previous year.
(c) If answer to (b) above is in the affirmative,
give details of such change, and the effect
thereof on the profit or loss.
(d) Details of deviation, if any, in the method
of accounting employed in the previous year
from accounting standards prescribed under
section 145 and the effect thereof on the
profit or loss.
12. (a) Method of valuation of closing stock employed
in the previous year.
(b) Details of deviation, if any, from the method of
valuation prescribed under section 145A, and
the effect thereof on the profit or loss.
13. Amounts not credited to the profit and loss account,
being -
(a) the items falling within the scope of section 28;
(b) the proforma credits, drawbacks, refunds of
duty of customs or excise, or refunds of sales
tax, where such credits, drawbacks or
refunds are admitted as due by the
authorities concerned;
(c) escalation claims accepted during the
previous year;
(d) any other item of income;
(e) capital receipt, if any.
14. Particulars of depreciation allowable as per the
Income-tax Act, 1961 in respect of each asset
or block of assets, as the case may be, in the
following form:-
(a) Description of asset/block of assets.
(b) Rate of depreciation.
(c) Actual cost or written down value, as the
case may be.
(d) Additions/deductions during the year with
dates; in the case of any addition of an asset,
date put to use; including adjustments on



account of -
(i) Modified Value Added Tax credit claimed
and allowed under the Central Excise
rules, 1944, in respect of assets acquired
on or after 1s t March 1994.
(ii) Change in rate of exchange of currency,
and
(iii) Subsidy or grant or reimbursement, by
whatever name called.
(e) Depreciation allowable.
(f) Written down value at the end of the year.
15. Amounts admissible under section 33AB, 33ABA,
33AC, 35, 35ABB, 35AC, 35CCA, 35CCB,
35D, 35E:-
(a) debited to the profit and loss account (showing
the amount debited and deduction allowable
under each section separately);
(b) not debited to the profit and loss account.
16. (a) Any sum paid to an employee as bonus or
commission for services rendered, where such
sum was otherwise payable to him as profits
or dividend. [Section 36(1)(ii)].
(b) Any sum received from employees towards
contributions to any provident fund or
superannuation fund or any other fund
mentioned in section 2(24)(x); and due date
for payment and the actual date of payment to
the concerned authorities under section
36(1)(va).
17. Amounts debited to the profit and loss account
being:-
(a) expenditure of capital nature;
(b) expenditure of personal nature;
(c) expenditure  on advertisement in any
souvenir, brochure, tract, pamphlet or the
like, published by a political party;
(d) expenditure incurred at clubs,
(i) as entrance fees and subscriptions;
(ii) as cost for club services and facilities used;



(e) (i) expenditure by way of penalty or fine for
violation of any law for the time being in
force;
(ii) any other penalty or fine;
(iii) expenditure incurred for any purpose
which is an offence or which is prohibited
by law;
(f) amounts inadmissible under section 40(a);
(g) interest, salary, bonus, commission or
remuneration inadmissible under section 40(b)/
40(ba) and computation thereof;
(h) amount inadmissible under section 40A(3) read
with rule 6DD and computation thereof;
(i) provision for payment of gratuity not allowable
under section 40A(7);
(j) any sum paid by the assessee as an employer
not allowable under section 40A(9);
(k) particulars of any liability of a contingent nature.
18. Particulars of payments made to persons specified
under section 40A(2)(b).
19. Amounts deemed to be profits and gains under
section 33AB or 33ABA or 33AC.
20. Any amount of profit chargeable to tax under section
41 and computation thereof.
21*(i) In respect of any sum referred to in clause (a),
(c), (d) or (e) of section 43B, the liability for which;
(A) pre-existed on the first day of the previous
year but was not allowed in the assessment
of any preceding previous year and was
(a) paid during the previous year;
(b) not paid during the previous year;
(B) was incurred in the previous year and was
(a) paid on or before the due date for
furnishing the return of income of the
previous year under section 139(1);
(b) not paid on or before the aforesaid date.



(ii) In respect of any sum referred to in
clause (b) of section 43B, the liability for which-
(A) pre-existed on the first day of the previous
year but was not allowed in the
assessment of any preceding previous
year:
(a) nature of liability;
(b) due date of payment under second
proviso to section 43B;
(c) actual date of payment;
(d) if paid otherwise than in cash,
whether the sum has been realised
within fifteen days of the aforesaid
due date;
(B) was incurred in the previous year:
(a) nature of liability
(b) due date of payment under second
proviso to section 43B;
(c) actual date of payment;
(d) if paid otherwise than in cash,
whether the sum has been realised
within fifteen days of the aforesaid
due date.
* State whether sales tax, customs duty excise
duty or any other indirect tax, levy, cess, impost
etc. is passed through the profit and loss
account.
22. (a) Amount of Modified Value Added Tax credits
availed of or utilised during the previous year
and its treatment in the profit and loss account
and treatment of outstanding Modified Value
Added Tax credits in the accounts.
(b) Particulars of income or expenditure of prior
period credited or debited to the profit and loss
account
23. Details of any amount borrowed on hundi or any
amount due thereon (including interest on the
amount borrowed) repaid, otherwise than through
an account payee cheque [Section 69D].



24. (a)* Particulars of each loan or deposit in an amount
exceeding the limit specified in section 269SS
taken or accepted during the previous year:-
(i) name, address and permanent account
number (if available with the assessee)
of the lender or depositor;
(ii) amount of loan or deposit taken or
accepted.
(iii) whether the loan or deposit was squared
up during the previous year;
(iv) maximum amount outstanding in the
account at any time during the previous
year;
(v) whether the loan or deposit was taken
or accepted otherwise than by an
account payee cheque or an account
payee bank draft.
*(These particulars need not be given in the
case of a Government company, a banking
company or a corporation established by a
Central,  State or Provincial Act.)
(b) Particulars of each repayment of loan or
deposit in an amount exceeding the limit
specified in section 269 T made during the
previous year:
(i) name, address and permanent account
number (if available with the assessee)
of the payee;
(ii) amount of the repayment;
(iii) maximum amount outstanding in the
account at any time during the previous
year;
(iv) whether the repayment was made
otherwise than by account payee
cheque or account payee bank draft.
25. Details of brought forward loss or depreciation
allowance in the following manner, to the extent
available:
Serial Assessment Nature of Amount Amount as Remarks
Number Year loss/ as assessed
allowa- returned (give refe-
nce (in (in rupees) rence to
rupees) relevant
order)



26. Section-wise details of deductions, if any,
admissible under Chapter VIA.
27. (a) Whether the assessee has deducted tax at
source and paid the amount so deducted to the
credit of the Central Government in accordance
with the provisions of Chapter XVII-B.
(b) If the answer to (a) above is in negative, then
give the following details:
Serial Particulars Amount Due date Details Remarks
Number of head of tax for of pay-
under which deducted remittancement
tax is dedu- at source to Govern- Date
cted at (in rupees) ment Amount
source
 (in rupees)
28. (a) In the case of a trading concern, give
quantitative details of principal items of goods
traded:
(i) opening stock
(ii) purchases during the previous year
(iii) sales during the previous year
(iv) closing stock
(v) shortage/excess, if any
(b) In the case of a manufacturing concern, give
quantitative details of the principal items of raw
materials, finished products and by-products.
A Raw materials
(i) opening stock
(ii) purchases during the previous year
(iii) consumption during the previous year
(iv) sales during the previoius year
(v) closing stock
(vi) *yield of finished products
(vii) *percentage of yield
(viii) *shortage/excess, if any



B Finished products/By-products
(i) opening stock
(ii) purchases during the previous year
(iii) quantity manufactured during the previous
year
(iv) sales during the previous year
(v) closing stock
(vi) shortage/excess, if any
*Information may be given to the extent
available
29. In the case of a domestic company, details of
tax on distributed profits under section 115O in
the following form:
(a) total amount of distributed profits
(b) total tax paid thereon
(c) dates of payment with amounts
30. Whether any cost audit was carried out, if yes,
enclose a copy of the report of such audit [See
section 139(9)]
31. Whether any audit was conducted under the
Central Excise Act, 1944, if yes, enclose a copy
of the report of such audit
32. Accounting ratios with calculations as follows:
(a) Gross profit/Turnover
(b) Net profit/Turnover
(c) Stock-in-trade/Turnover
(d) Material consumed/Finished goods
produced
 *Signed
Name:
Address:
Place: 
Date:  
Note:
*This Form has to be signed by the person competent to sign Form No. 3CA or Form No. 3CB
as the case may be.
