FORM NO. 3CG
[See rule 6(3)]
Application for approval of scientific research programme under section 35(2AA)
of the Income-tax Act, 1961
1. Name and address of the sponsor including Telex/Fax/Phone
numbers
2. Permanent Account Number (PAN) of the sponsor
3. Nature of Business/activity of the sponsor (enclose copy of
latest Annual Report along with Balance Sheet, where ap-
plicable)
4. Annual turnover of the sponsor during the past three years
5. Annual Research and Development expenditure of the spon-
sor during the three years
6. The Research and Development facilities and research and
development activities of the sponsor
7. Details of technical collaborations, if any, entered into by
the sponsor
8. Does the sponsor have a Department of Scientific and In-
dustrial Research/recognised In-house Research and Devel-
opment unit? If yes, give details
9. Purpose of the Scientific Research Programme for which
approval is sought under section 35(2AA) of the Income-
tax Act, 1961 [give a brief write up on the research
programme indicating the objectives of the programme,
stages of implementation, expected results,
commercialisation prospects, usefulness of the programme
in terms of foreign exchange saving and potential for ex-
ports (in separate annexures)].
10. Proposed date of commencement of the research programme
11. Total funds to be provided by the sponsor for the programme
12. Details of deduction claimed (year-wise) by the sponsor
under section 35(2AA) of the Income-tax Act, 1961 during
the last four years.
Certified that the above information is true to the best of our knowledge and belief.
We undertake to abide by the conditions prescribed in Income-tax Act, 1961, and Rules framed thereunder
and the terms and conditions agreed upon between us at the time of approval of programme.
Place....................
 ………………………..
Date......................
 (signature of the sponsor)
………………………..
(Name and designation)
Note : Separate applications have to be submitted in respect of each research programme.
