FORM NO. 3CJ
[See rule 6(7)]
Report to be submitted by the prescribed authority to the Director General
(Income-tax Exemptions) after approval of scientific research programme
under section 35(2AA) of the Income-tax Act, 1961
1. Name and address of the National Laboratory, University or
Indian Institute of Technology including Telex/Fax/Phone
numbers
2. Name and designation of the Head of the National Labora-
tory, University or Indian Institute of Technology
3. Agency under which the National Laboratory is functioning
(Indian Council of Agricultural Research/Indian Council of
Medical Research/Council of Scientific and Industrial Re-
search/Defence Research and Development Organisation/
Department of Electronics/Department of  Bio-technology/
Department of Atomic Energy)
4. Name and address of the sponsor including Telex/Fax/Phone
numbers
5. Permanent Account Number (PAN) of the sponsor
6. Nature of Business/activity of the sponsor (enclose copy of
latest Annual Report along with balance sheet, where appli-
cable)
7. Annual turnover of the sponsor during the past three years.
8. Annual Research and Development expenditure of the spon-
sor during the three years
9. Details of deduction claimed (year-wise) by the sponsor
under section 35(2AA) of the income-tax Act, 1961 during
the last eight years
10. Purpose of the Scientific Research Programme [Give a brief
write up on the requirement research programme indicating
the objectives of the programme, stages of implementation,
expected results, commercialisation prospectus, usefulness
of the programme in terms of foreign exchange saving and
potential for exports (in separate annexures)]
11. Date of commencement of there search programme
12. Duration of the programme in months
13. Total cost of the programme (cost of raw materials, equip-
ment, manpower, services, indirect costs, overheads and in-
tellectual inputs)



14. Payment terms (enclose copy of the agreement between the
sponsor and the National Laboratory, University or Indian
Institute of Technology)
15. Details of agreement regarding patent rights and
commercialisation rights between the sponsor and the Na-
tional Laboratory, University or Indian Institute of Technol-
ogy (enclose copy of the agreement)
Certified that the above information is true to the best of our knowledge and belief.
We undertake to:
(i) maintain separate accounts for the programme approved;
(ii) submit progress reports every year to the Director General (Income-tax Exemptions); and
(iii) submit final report on completion of the programme along with audited statement of accounts to the
Director General of Income-tax (Exemptions).
Place:.....................
 …………………………….
Date :.....................
 (Signature of the Head of the
National Laboratory, University
or Indian Institute of
Technology)
…………………………………
(Name and Designation)
