FORM NO. 59
[See rule 20]
Application for approval of issue of public companies under section 88(2)(xvi)
of the Income-tax Act
1. Name and address of the public company
2. Date and place of formation/incorporation (enclose certificate of
incorporation under Companies Act, 1956)
3. Nature of business being carried but by the company/number of
years in this business
4. Net worth of the applicant (enclose a copy of the latest audited
financial statement along with last three years audited balance
sheet)
5. The total capital the applicant company proposes to raise through
the present equity/debenture issue
6. The objects of the present equity/debenture issue
7. Whether the present equity/debenture issue conform to the defi-
nition of ‘Infrastructure facility’ as defined in clause (ca) of sub-
section (12) of section 80-IA of the I.T. Act? If so, give details
8. Details of the eligible issue of capital
Number Face value Premium/discount
· Equity Shares
· Preferential Shares
-Debentures
(Enclose SEBI’s approval)
9. Nature and location of proposed infrastructure facility/power
project (enclose clearance of the concerned authorities and agree-
ment executed with the Government or Government bodies, if
any)
10. Approximate year-wise investment required
11. Sources of proposed investment:
(i) Eligible issue of the capital
(ii)  Other sources
(a) ...........········
(b) ···················



12,. Schedule of development of infrastructure facility/power project
(a) Planned date of commencement of project
(b) Planned date of commencement of operation of the project
13. Accounting policies (furnish the description of significant
accounting policies)
14. Details of management:
(a) Names of directors with their experience, qualifications and
profession
(b) Names of the key personnel
(c) Organisational structure
(d)  Board of directors of associate organisarions, companies and their
subsidiaries
15. Names and addresses of the bankers
16. Names and addresses of the auditors
17. Copy of the project report, if any.
I certify that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
..........................................................
Signatures of the authorised signatory
Note: The application form (in duplicate) should be sent to the Board by the public company along with
the documents as mentioned in the application form.
