FORM O-1
[See rule 8D]
Report of valuation of Immovable property (other than agricultural lands, plantation, forests, mines and quarries)
Part I – Questionnaire
ALL QUESTION TO BE ANSWERED BY THE REGISTERED VALUER.
IF ANY PARTICULAR QUESTION DOES NOT APPLY TO THE PROPERTY UNER VALUATION, HE MAYINDICATE SO. IF THE SPACE ATTACHED ON SEPARTE SHEETS

Name of registered valuer |Registration No.|
1.	General:
2.	Purpose for which valuation is made 
3.	Date as on which valuation is made
4.	Name of the owner/owners
5.	If the property is under joint ownership/co-owner-ship, share of each such owner. Are the shares undivided?
6.	Brief description of the property 
7.	Location, Street, Ward No.
8.	Survey/Plot No. of land
9.	Is the property situated in residential/commercial/mixed area/industrial area?
10.	Classification of locality – high class/middle class/poor class
11.	Proximity to civic amentities, like schools, hospitals, offices, markets, cinemas, etc.
12.	Means and proximity to surface communication by which the locality is served
Land:
13.	Area of land supported by documentaryproof, shape, dimensions and physical features
14.	Roads, streets or lanes on which the land is abutting
15.	Is it leasehold, the name of lessor/lessee, nature of lease, dates of commencement and termination of lease and terms of renewal of lease:
(i)	Intial premium
(ii)	Ground rent payable per annum
(iii)	Unearned increase payable to the lessor in the event of sale or transfer
16.	is there any restrictive convenant in regard to use of land? If so,, attach a copy of the convenant
17.	Are there any agreements of easements? If so, attach copies
18.	Does the land fall in an area included in any Town Planning Scheme or any Development Plan of Government or any statutory body? If so, give particulars
19.	Has any contributin been made towards developement or is any contribution been made towards development or is any demand for such contribution still outstanding?
20.	Has the whole or part of the land been notified for acquisition by Govenment or any statutory body?Give date of the notification
21.	Attach a dimensioned site plan
Improvements:
22.	Attach plans and elevations of all structures standing on the land and a lay-out plan 
23.	Furnish technical details of the building on a separate sheet [The Annexure to this Form may be used]
24.	(i)   is the building owner-occupied/tenanted/both?
(ii)   If partly owner-occupied, specify portion and exent of area under owner-occupation
25.	What is the Floor Space Index permissible and percentage actually utilised?
Rents:
26.	(i)   Names of tenants/lessees, etc.
(ii)  Portions in their occupation
(iii) Monthly or annual rent/compensation/licence fee, etc. , paid by each
(iv)  Gross amount received for the whole property 
27.	Are any of the occupants related to, or close business associates of, the owner?
28.	Is separate amount being recovered for the use of fixtures like fans, geysers, refrigerators, cooking ganges, built in wardrobes, etc., or for service charges? If so, give details
29.	Give details of water and electricity charges, if any, to be borne by the owner 
30.	Has the tenant to bear the whole or part of the cost of repairs and maintenance? Give particulars
31.	If a lift is installed, who is to bear the cost of maintenance and operation – owner or tenant?
32.	If a pump is installed, who has to bear the cost of maintaince and operation -----owner or tenant?
33.	Who has to bear the cost of electricity charges for lighting of common space like entrance hall, stairs, passages, compound, etc. ---- owner or tenant?
34.	What is the amount of property tax? Who is the bear it? Give details with documentary proof
35.	Is the building insured? If so, give the policy No. amount for which it is insured and the annual premium
36.	Is any dispute between landlord and tenant regarding rent pending in a court of law?
37.	Has any standard rent been fixed for the premises under any law relating to the control of rent?
Sales:
38.	Give instances of sales of immovable property in the locality on a separted sheet, indicating the name and address of the property, registration No., sale price and area of land sold
39.	Land rate adopted in this valuation 
40.	If sale instances are not available or not relied upon, the basis of arriving at the land rate
Cost of contruction:
41.	Year of commencement of construction and year of completion
42.	What was the method of contruction ---by contract/by employing labour directly/both?
43.	For items of work done on contract, produce copies of agreements
44.	For items of work done by engaing labour directly, give basic rtes of materials and labour supported by documentrary proof
||
Part II – Valuation
Here the registered valuer should discuss in details his approach to valuation of the property and indicate how the value has the value has been arrived at, supported by necessary calculation.|
Part III – Declaration
I hereby declare that -----
(a)	the information furnished in part I is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief:
(b)	I have no direct or indirect interest in the property  valued;
(c)	I have personally inspected the property on 
Date 
Place:.

ANNEXURE TO FORM O-1
|
Technical details|Main building|Annexe|Servants’ quarters|Garages|Pump house|
No. of floors and height of each floor
Plinth area floor-wise(As per IS : 3861-1966)
Year of construction
Estimated future  life
Type of construction --- load bearing walls/RCC frame/ steel frame
Type of fundations||
Technical details|Main building|Annexe|Servants’ quarters|Garages|Pump house|
Walls:
Basement and plinth
Ground floor
Superstructure above ground floor
Partitions
Doors and windows (Floor-wise) :
(a)	Ground floor
(b)	1st floor
(c)	2nd floor, etc.
Flooring (Floor-wise) :
(a)	Ground floor
(b)	1st floor
(c)	2nd floor, etc.
Finishing (Floor-wise) :
(a)	Ground floor
(b)	1st floor
(c)	2nd floor, etc.
Roofing and terracing
Special architectural or decorative features, if any
(i)    Internal wiring ---- surface or conduit
(ii)  Class of fittings : Superior/ordinary/poor
Sanitary installations :
(a)   (i)   No. of water closets
       (ii)  No. of lavatory basins
       (iii) No. of urinals 
       (iv) No. of sinks
       (v)  No of bath tubs
       (vi) No. of bidets
       (vii)No. of geysers
(b)   Class of fittings : Superior coloured/superior/white/ordinary
Compound wall :
(i)	Height and length
(ii)	Type of construction
No. of lifts and capacity
Underground Pump ----capacity and type of construction
Overhead tank :
(i)	Where located
(ii)	Capacity
(iii)	Type of construction
||
Technical details|Main building|Annexe|Servants’ quarters|Garages|Pump house|
Pumps --- No. and their horse power
Roads and paving within the compund, approximate area and type of paving
Sewage. If septic tanks provided, No. and capacity


      |




Signature of registered valuer|
Note : Necessary modification in this Annexure may be made to suit the property under valuation.|
 
