FORM NO. 3CF
[See rule 6]
Application form from scientific and industrial research organisations for
approval under section 35 of the Income-tax Act
1. (i) Name and registered address of the organisation
(ii) In case of renewal of approval under section 35, give de-
tails of earlier approval
2. (i) Address of the Research laboratory (indicate the year of
establishment)
(ii) Name and address of the Officer-in-charge of the Labora-
tory
3. Legal status of the organisation, whether Registered Soci-
ety/Company/others. Please enclose a copy of certificate of
registration.
4. (i) Sources of income of the organisation (for the last 3 years)
(ii) Indicate assessment particulars if any (permanent account
number/GIR number), name of the Ward/Circle
(iii) Last assessed and returned income
5. Details of current receipts of expenditure incurred on re
search and development during the last three years
Year Donations Grants Research &
Development
Expenditure
6. Investment made so far
(i) Fixed deposits with banks
(ii) Fixed deposits with Companies
(iii)  Securities
(iv) In Shares, Debentures
(v) Cash in hand
(vi) Others, if any not covered above
7. Whether accounts of the organisation are audited (enclose
an audited statement of accounts of the organisation for the
relevant year)
8. Research subjects and projects undertaken by the
organisation (enclose details)



9. Facilities available for research
(i) Land/building
(ii) Equipment(indicating items of value) (enclose details)
10. Research achievements during the last three years (enclose
details)
11. Enclose details of Seminars, Conferences, Workshops, Train-
ing Courses, etc., conducted during the year.
12. Enclose details of future programme of the research, indi-
cating the financial implications
Certified that the above information is true and to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place.................
 ……………………….
Date...................
 Signature
………………………
Designation
………………………
Full Address
Notes:
1. For availing of exemption under section 35 the sole object of the organisation should be to undertake
scientific research.
2. The organisation which has been approved under section 35(1)(ii) and 35(1)(iii) will  maintain  a
separate account of the sums received by it for scientific research and will submit to the prescribed
authority each year a copy of the audited annual return showing the total income and expenditure and
balance sheet showing its assets and liabilities. The auditors should certify that the amounts incurred
are for scientific research. If the organisation is to avail of exemption under section 10(21) of the
Income-tax Act, the Annexure to this form should also be filled in and the conditions therein should
be satisfied.
3. All  applications will be made to the Director General (Income-tax Exemptions), in triplicate, through
the Commissioner of Income-tax having jurisdiction over the applicant. Six copies of the application
with enclosure shall also be sent to the Deptt. of Scientific and Industrial Research, New Delhi.
4. The applicant is also required to furnish any other particulars or details required by the competent
authority or the DSIR.
 ANNEXURE
APPLICABLE FOR SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH ASSOCIATIONS APPROVED UNDER
SECTION 35(i)(ii), CLAIMING EXEMPTION UNDER SECTION 10(21)
FOR THE YEAR........………
1. Total income of the association including voluntary contri-
butions for the relevant year
2. Amount of income referred to above that has been to have
been utilised for wholly and exclusively for the objects of
the association
3. Amount accumulated for the purpose mentioned in Col. (2)
above
4. (i) Details of modes in which the funds of the association are
invested or deposited showing nature, value and income
from the investment.



(ii) Details of funds not invested in modes specified in section
11(5)
Sl.No. Name & Address of the In case of a com- Nominal value of Income from the
concern pany number the investment investment
and class of
shares held
1 2
 3 4 5
5. (i) Is the association carrying on any business (give details)
(ii) Is the business incidental to the attainment of its objec-
tives
6. Details of nature, quantity and value of contributions (other
than cash) and the manner in which such contribution has
been utilised.
7. Details of shares, security or other property purchased by or
on behalf of the association from any interested person.
8. Whether any part of the income or any property of the asso-
ciation was used or applied, in a manner which results di-
rectly or indirectly in conferring any benefit, amenity or
perquisite (whether converted into money or not), on any
interested person. If so, details thereof.
9. Amount deemed to be income of the association by virtue of
sub-section (3) of section 11, as applicable by the proviso to
section 10(21).
Certified that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief
Place.................
 ……………………………
Date..................
 Signature
…………………………..
Designation
………………………….
Full Address
