FORM N
[See rule 8B]
Application for registration as a valuer under section 34AB of the Wealth-tax Act, 1957

To
Chief Commissioner/Director General,

Sir,
I hereby apply for registration as a valuer of                                             *[class of assets] under section 34AB of the Wealth-tax Act, 1957. The following particulars are furnished herewith:----
Name in full (block letters)
Father’s/husband’s name
Permanent address
Present address :
        (i)    Office
        (ii)   Residence
Income-tax Permanent Account Number
Date of birth [Proof of age to be sent in original with a true copy thereof. The original will be returned after perusal]
Educational qualifications, including professional or technical qualifications [Enclose original degree or diploma certificates together with attested copy of each. The originals will be returned after perusal
If member of any professional or technical institution, give particulars
(a)     Present occupation
         (b)     If a partner of a firm, name, address and business/profession of  the firm 
If already engaged in the profession or calling of a valuer whether-----
  (a)     on your own behalf
in partnership with others [Give name and address of other partners]
 Date of Commencement of practice as a valuer
Give full details of your experience, which qualifies you for registration as a valuer. A list of assets valued or works executed during the last three years should be enclosed 
Whether you have been appointed as valuer under section 4 of the Estate Duty Act, 1953? If so, give date of notification
Name, occupation and address of three persons (not being relatives or business partners) with whom you have had regular contract over the last five years (one of whom should perferably be a valuer) and of whom you authorise the Chief Commissioner or the Director General to enquir regarding your reputation and character
(a)   State, if any, liability towards income-tax, wealth-tax or gift-tax is      outstanding against you
If so, whether satisfactory arrangements for payments thereof have been made
[Attach certificate from the Assessing Officer]
Whether you have been convicted of any offence and sentenced to a term of imprisonment? If so, give details of offence and sentence
Whether you have been found guilty of misconduct in your professional capacity? ?If so, give details
I here by declare that I am not disqualified from applying for registration by reason of any of the provisions contained in clauses(a) to (c) of sub-rule 8A of the wealth-tax Rules, 1957.||
I further declare that I shall__
make an impartial and true valuation of any asset which I may be required to value;
furnish the report of such valuation in the prescribed form;
charge fess at a rate not exceeding the rate or rates prescribed by the Board in this behalf; and
not undertake any valuation of any asset in which I have a director or indirect interest.

Signature

Verification
I,                                                                                                                        ,do declare –
		[name in block letter]
that what is stated in the above application is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief, and
that the document sent herewith are the originals or true copies thereof.
Place 																		
Date 																	Signature
List of enclosures:
1.			3.			5
2.			4.			etc.
Notes:
*Please see rule 8A of the Wealth-tax Rules, 1957.
This Form must be accompanied by a fee of Rs. 1,000. It is suggested that the fee should be credited in a branch of the authorised bank or branch of the State Bank of India or a branch of the Reserve Bank of India after obtaining a challan from the Assessing Officer. The receipted challan should be enclosed along with the application. The Central Board of Direct Taxes will not accept cheques, drafts, hundies, or other negotiable instruments
