FORM NO. 56D
[See rule 2CA]
Application for grant of exemption or continuance thereof
under section 10(23C)(vi) and (via) for the year....................
1. Name and address of registered office of the University or
other educational instituion or the hospital or other medical insti-
tution referred to in sub-clause (vi) or sub-clause (via) of clause
(23C) of sectioin 10.
2. Legal status, whether trust, registered society/others. Please
enclose a copy of certificate of registration/relevant document
evidencing legal status.
3. Objects of the university or other educational institution or
hospital or other medical institution referred to in serial number1.
4. Names and addresses of the trustees/office bearers
5. Geographic area over which the activities of the university
or other educational institution or hospital or other medical insti-
tution referred to in serial number 1 are peformed. [ Enclose de-
tails of work done in different places  with addresses of branch
offices and names and addresses of office bearers in these places].
6. Enclose copies of memorandum of association, articles of
association, trust deed, rules/regulations of the university or other
educational institution or hospital or other medical institution re-
ferred to in serial number 1.
7. Enclose copies of audited accounts and balance sheet for the
last three years along with a note on the examination of accounts
and on the activities as reflected in the accounts and in the annual
reports with special reference to the appropriation of income to-
wards objects of the university or other educational institution or
hospital or other medical institution referred to in serial number
1.
8. Has the university or other educational institution or hospital
or other medical institution referred to in serial number 1 received
any donations from a foreign country to which provisions of For-
eign Contribution (Regulations) Act, 1976, applies? Give details
9. Give assessment particulars :-
(i) Ward/Circle of jurisdiction and the last income returned
and assessed with permanent account number /GIR number
(ii) Is the income exempt under section 11?



(iii)Is any recovery of tax, etc., outstanding against the uni-
versity or other educational institution or hospital or other medi-
cal institution referred to in serial number 1 ?
(iv)  Whether any penalties have been initiated/levied?
10. Total income including voluntary contributions, if any, the
university or other educational institution or hospital or other
medical institution referred to in serial number 1 for the previous
year relevant to the assessment year for or from which the exemp-
tion is sought
1 1. Amount of income referred to above that has been or deemed
to have been utilised wholly and exclusively for the objects of the
university or other educational institution or hospital or other
medical institution referred to in serial number 1 (income deemed
to have been utilised shall have the meaning assigned to it in sub-
sections (1) and (1A) of section 11)
12. Amount accumulated for the objects mentioned in  column 3
above.
13. (i) Details of modes in  which the funds  of the university or
other educational institution or hospital or other medical institu-
tion referred to in serial number 1 are invested or deposited show-
ing the nature, value and income from the investment
(it) Details of funds not invested in the modes specified in section 11(5):
Sl. Name and address In the case of a Nominal value of Income from the
No. of the concern company, number the investment investment
and class of
shares held
(1) (2)
 (3) (4) (5)
14, (i) Is the university or other educational institution or hospi-
tal or other medical institution referred to in serial number 1 car-
rying on any business (give details)?
(ii) Is the business incidental to the attainment of its objects
15. Details of nature, quantity and value of contributions (other than
cash) and the manner in which such  contributions have been  utilised



16.  Details of shares, security or other property purchased by or on
behalf of the university or other educational institution or hospital
or other medical institution referred to in serial number 1  from
any interested person as specified in sub-section (2) of section 13
17. Whether any part of the income or any property of the university
or other educational institution or hospital or other medical insti-
tution referred to in serial number 1 was used or applied, in a man-
ner· which results directly or indirectly in conferring any benefit,
amenity or perquisite (whether converted into money or not), on any
interested person as specified in sub-section (3) of section 13?  If so,
details thereof.
18. Amount deemed to be income of the university or other educa-
tional institution or hospital or other medical institution referred
to in serial number 1 if sub-section (3) of section 11, is made appli-
cable.
19. The income that would have been assessable if the university or
other educational institution or hospital or other medical institu-
tion referred to in serial number 1  had  not enjoyed the benefit of
section 10(23C)(vi)or (via)
Certified that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place...........................
 ........................................
Date............................
 Signature
........................................
Designation
........................................
FullAddress
Notes:
1. The application form should be sent to the Central Board of Direct Taxes through the Commissioner of
Income-tax having jurisdiction over  the university or other educational institution or hospital or other
medical institution referred to in serial number 1  of this Form. Four copies of the application form along
with the enclosures should be sent.
2. Copies of the following documents should be annexed:-
(i) Deed of trust/memorandum and articles of association/other documents evidencing legal status of the
enterprise;
(ii) a list of major office bearers including settlor/members of the Governing body;
(iii)   a photocopy of the latest certificate under section 80G issued by the Commissioner of Income-tax,
if any;
(iv) true copies of the assessment orders passed for the last three years, if any;
(v) photocopy of communication from the Commissioner of Income-tax with reference to the application
of the trust/institution for a registration under section 12A, if any.
3. The applicant shall furnish any other documents or information as required by the Central Board of Direct
Taxes or any authority authorised by the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
