
DEED OF INDEMNITY TO A TENANT FOR PAYING RENT BY LANDLORD WHERE HIS TITLE IS IN DISPUTE

THIS DEED of indemnity is made on this………………… day of……………… 20….. 	between A son of………………… resident of………………… (hereinafter referred to as "the Landlord", which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof include his heirs, successors, executors, administrators and assigns) of the ONE PART and B son of…………………. resident of………………… (hereinafter referred to as "the tenant" which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof include his heirs, successors, executors, administrators and assigns) of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS
 
(1)The Landlord has let out a house, more particularly described in the Schedule hereto (hereinafter referred to as the "said house") at a monthly rent of Rs .......................
 
(2) A dispute has arisen about the ownership of the said house by a Suit, bearing No . …………… of
…………………in the Court of………………… 	filed by Shri…………………against the         Landlord.
 
(3)The tenant has agreed to pay the monthly rent to the landlord subject to the landlord agreeing to indemnify him in respect thereof., 	
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH that in consideration of the tenant agreeing to pay the monthly rent to the landlord, that landlord hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the tenant in respect of rent that he may have to pay over again and against all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, losses, damages, recoveries, judgments, costs charges and expenses which may be made or brought or commenced against the said tenant or which the said tenant may or may have to bear, pay or suffer by reason of his paying the said rent or any part thereof to landlord in the aforesaid manner
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto set and subscribed their respective hands, the day and year first hereinabove written
	
			The schedule hereinabove referred
 
WITNESSES 	
1	Signed and delivered by the within named A
2	Signed and delivered by the within named B

