SIMPLE DEED OF INDEMNITY


THIS DEED of indemnity is made at…………………on this…………………	day of…………20…... by A, son of Shri………………… 	resident of………………… (hereinafter referred to as "the claimant" which expression, shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof include his heirs, successors, legal representatives and executors) in favour of MTNL Ltd., a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at…………………; (hereinafter referred to as"the MTNV, which expression, shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof include its Successors and Assigns).
 
WHEREAS
 
(1)The claimant has represented to the …………………MTNL, that the claimant has lost……….% MTNL Bonds for Rs ………………… (Rupees 	), full particulars whereof are set forth in the Schedule hereunder written (which bonds are  hereinafter referred to as "the lost bonds") and that the claimant is still the true and lawful owner of the lost bonds.

(2) The claimant has applied to the MTNL for issue of duplicate bonds (hereinafter referred to as "duplicate bonds") in its favour, in  place of the lost bond
 
(3) MTNL has agreed to issue the duplicate bonds to the claimant, subject to the claimant furnishing indemnity for Rs . .........................
 
NOW THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH THAT in consideration of 	the MTNL agreeing to issue the duplicate bonds, the claimant agrees and undertakes that he shall indemnify and keep indemnified the MTNL to the extent of Rs ………………… 	from and against all claims, demands actions,  proceedings, losses, damages, recoveries, judgments, costs	charges and expenses which may be made or brought or commenced against the MTNL or which the MTNL may or may have to bear, pay or suffer, directly or indirectly
(a)	in respect of any of the lost bonds;
(b)	in the event of and in respect of issue of duplicate bonds;
(c)	in the event of and in respect of interest which the MTNL has to pay to the claimant in respect of the lost bonds;
            (d)	in connection with any other matters arising upon or by virtue of these presents.
				
				The Schedule hereinabove referred
WITNESSES 	Signed and delivered by A the within named claimant
1 
2
		. .........................
	      Signature

