Complaint under s. 33a of the industrial disputes act 1947



A                                            (full name, description and address) Complaint/s; 
                                                                              and
B                                       (full name, description and address) Opposite party/ies

The petitioner/s begs/beg to complain that the opposite party/ies has/ have been guilty of wilful contravention of the provisions of s. 33 of the Industrial Disputes Act (XIV of 1947) as will appear from the particulars set out below:
(Here set out briefly the particulars showing the manner in which the alleged contravention has taken place and also the grounds on which the order or act of the management is challenged.)
(The complaint/s accordingly pray/s that the tribunal may be pleased to decide the complaint set out above and pass such orders thereon as it may deem fit and proper.)
The number of copies of the complaint and its annexures required by r. 59 of the Industrial Disputes (Central) Rules 1957, are submitted herewith.
Dated this………….day of……………..
Signature or thumb impression of complaint/s

Verification
I do solemnly declare that what is stated in paragraphs…………above is true to my knowledge and that what is stated in paragraphs……….above is stated upon information received and/believed by me to be true.
Verification is signed by me at…………on…………day of…………………	 
Signature or thumb impression of the person verifying. Form of Application by an Employee under section 20(2) of the Minimum Wages Act 1948
In the Court of the Authority appointed under the Minimum Wages Act
1948 for…………………Area.
Application No………………of 20	
    	
    		Applicant/s

through a legal practitioner Official of  Union which is a registered Trade Union.
Address:…………
………………….
versus
    	    		Opponents
    	
The applicant/s above-named beg/s respectfully to submit as follows:
1. That	
2. That	
The applicant/s has/have been paid wages at less than the minimum rate of wages.
The applicant/s estimate/s the value of the relief sought by him/them at the sum of Rs………….	
The applicant/s pray/s that a direction may be issued under sub-sec. (3) of s.28 for-payment of the difference between the wages due according to the minimum rate of wages fixed by the Government and wages actually paid, and compensation amounting to Rs…………….
The applicant/s beg/s leave to amend or add to or make alterations in the application, if any, and when necessary.
Date:-……………………..

Signature or thumb impression 
of the employee/s or legal practitioner
or official of a registered trade union
duly authorised



