An application for succession certificate
IN THE COURT OF THE CIVIL JUDGE, SENIOR DIVISION,

Succession Application No.	/ 2010_
Shrimati WIDOW,	)
Age 40 years, occupation - service,     )        Applicant
Resident of 1000 Kasba Peth,                )
	)
AN APPLICATION FOR THE GRANT OF SUCCESSION CERTIFICATE
The applicant above-named submits this application, praying to state as follows:

1. That the applicant is ordinarily a resident of the within mentioned address, and she has been staying in Mumbai since her birth.

2. That Shri XYX, who died at Mumbai on…….., was the husband of the present applicant.

3. That the said deceased died intestate, and due and diligent search has been made for his will, but nothing has been found.

4. That the said deceased at the time of his death was working as a Technician at the National Chemical Laboratory, Pashan, Mumbai.

5. That the present applicant and the said deceased have no child. 

6. That the said deceased at the time of his death left behind him surviving as his widow, the present applicant.

7. That the present applicant as the widow of the said deceased claims to be entitled to 100% share of the estate.

8. That there is no impediment under section 370 of the Indian Succession Act, or under any other provision of the said Act, or any other enactment to the grant of the succession certificate or the validity thereof, if it were granted.

9. That the applicant has truly set forth in the Schedule hereto the securities in respect of which the certificate is applied for, and the succession certificate is required for the purpose of claiming pensionery benefits from the National Chemical Laboratory, Pashan, Mumbai, where the deceased was working as a Technician, and the said assets in respect of which the succession certificate is required are under the value of Rs. 2,50,000/-.

10. That no application has been made to any other court of law for probate of any will of the said deceased or for letters of administration with or without the will annexed to his property and credits.

11. That no application for the grant of succession certificate in respect of any debt or security belonging to the estate of the said deceased has been made to any other court of law.

12. That the applicant, therefore, prays that a succession certificate may kindly be granted to the applicant in respect of the debts and securities set forth in the schedule hereto.
Mumbai,	Sd/- WIDOW
APPLICANT
Dated:	.
          Sd/-xXx
 ADVOCATE FOR APPLICANT
VERIFICATION
I, Smt. WIDOW, the present applicant, do hereby state on solemn affirmation that the contents of this application in paras 1 to 12 are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief, so I have signed hereunder.
Sd/- WIDOW APPLICANT

