DEED OF RENEWAL OF LEASE

THIS DEED of Renewal of Lease made at……………….this……………….day of………20……………BETWEEN A, son of……………….aged about………………. years residing at……………….(hereinafter referred to as the'Lessor', which expression shall include, unless excluded by or repugnant to the. context, his heirs, executors, administrators successors and assigns) of the ONE PART and B, son of ................. aged about ……………….years residing at……………….(hereinafter referred to as the "Lessee", which expression shall, unless excluded by or repugnant to the context, include his heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns) of the OTHER PART
.
WHEREAS
 
(1) By a Deed of Lease dated 	made at BETWEEN thetessoron the ONE PART and the Lessee on the OTHER PART (which is registered with the Sub-Registrar of Assurances at for 3 years	..........................at No ……………….	in Book No ……………….and Volume No . ……………….	pages……………….to……………….and hereinafter referred to as "the said principal deed") the Lessor demised unto the Lessee all that the said Bunglow situated at No . ................. together with two garages attached thereto for a term of……………….years commencing from……………….with an option to the Lessee to renew the said lease for a further period or periods not exceeding……………….years in the aggregate in the manner thereunder provided and subject to the Lessee continuing to pay the same monthly rent of Rs . ……………….as stipulated therein and observing the other terms, conditions and covenants as set out therein.
 
(2) Clause 5(t) of the said principal deed provides that the Lessor will, on the written request of, the  Lessee made two calendar months before the expiration of the term. of the lease granted under the said principal deed, grant to the Lessee a renewal of the said lease of the demised premises, as mentioned, hereinabove.
 
(3) In pursuance of the aforesaid. clause. of the said principal deed, the Lessee had exercised his option for renewal of the said lease by his letter dated ……………….for a further period of two years from.................to………………. on the same terms and conditions as are contained in the said principal deed
 
NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE witnesseth that in the premises the LESSOR hereby grants a renewal of the said lease of the  demised premise's more particularly described in the First Schedule hereunder written TOGETHER with the'fixtdr6s and fittings belonging to the Lessor in or upon the demised promises which are described in the Second Schedule hereunder written (which: the said First and Second Schedules are the same as the First and Second Schedules written in the said principal deed) for a further period of two years from .............. to on the same terms, conditions, covenants and provisions as are contained in the said principal deed
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Lessor and the Lessee have executed these presents and the duplicate hereof on the date and year first hereinabove written.
 
		The 1st schedule above referred to 
The bunglow is bounded
On the North by		Building of Shri ..........................
On the South by		Building of Shri……………….
On the East by			Road leading to MainRoad
On the West by			Road and Open, Park
		The second schedule above teferred to
Main items of fixtures and fittings in the bunglow are as under
							Nos.
(i) Ceiling fans						20
(ii) Wardrobes						8
(iii) Almirah with Shutters				6
(iv) Wash basins					9
 
WITNESSES	
Signed and delivered by,the within named A

Signed and delivered by the within named B

