LEASE OF PLAYGROUND TO A SCHOOL

THIS DEED made at……………….on……………….day of……………….20 ……Between Shri……………….son of……………….resident of.......................(hereinafter referred to as "the Lessor") of the ONE PART and……………….through Shri……………….	Managing Trustee, (hereinafter referred to as "the Lessee") of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS
 
(1) The Lessor is absolutely seized and possessed of or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the playground known as……………….playground situated on……………….described in the Schedule hereunder written, hereinafter referred to as the demised premises.
 
(2) At the request of the Lessee, the Lessor has agreed to grant to the Lessee a lease in respect of the demised premises for a term of..................years in the manner hereinafter appearing.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS
 
(1) In pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the rent hereby reserved and of the terms and conditions, covenants and agreement herein contained and on the part of the Lessee to be observed and performed, the Lessor hereby demises to the Lessee for use as playground, the demised premises TO HOLD the same unto the Lessee from the………….day of……………….for the term of.................years PAYING therefor the yearly rent of Rs  …………….on the……………….day of ……………….each year at the office of the Lessor or as such other place at the Lessor may from time to time appoint in this behalf.
 
(2) The Lessee hereby covenants with the Lessor as follows:
 
 
(a) To pay the rent hereby reserved on the days and in the manner aforesaid clear of all deductions, the first of such rent as hereinbefore provided shall be paid on the………………. day of……………….
 
(b) To	use the demised premises for the purposes of the said School as a Cricket and Football field and for Athletic sports or playing other games and for no other purpose
 
(c) To keep the hedges, ditches, fences and gates in the demised  premises in proper repair and condition.
 
(d) Not to damage the demised premises or remove the grass and plants, trees on the demised premises.
 
(e) Not to erect any buildings on the demised premises except a pavilion and other sheds required for the purposes of such games as aforesaid.
  
(f)Not to assign, underlet, transfer or part with possession of the demised premises or any part thereof.
 
(3)The Lessor hereby covenants with the Lessee as follows:
 
 
(a) To pay taxes, cess, levies, assessments and outgoings in respect of the demised premises.
 
(b)The lessee paying the rent and observing the covenants and stipulations on his part herein contained shall during the term quietly and peaceably enjoy the demised premises without interruption by the Lessor or any person lawfully claiming under or in trust for him.
 
(4) It is hereby agreed between the parties that if the rent or any part thereof payable in the manner hereinbefore mentioned shall be in arrears for a period of three months after the same has become due and payable or if any of the covenants and stipulations herein contained and on the part of the Lessee to be observed and performed shall not be so observed and performed by the Lessee, then it shall be lawful for the lessor to re-enter into and upon the demised premises and thereupon the lease hereby granted shall determine, but without prejudice to the right of action of the Lessor in respect of the arrear of rent or breach of any of the covenants by the Lessee herein contained.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Lessor and the Lessee have put 	their respective hands on the original and duplicate thereof the day, month and year first hereinabove written
 
WITNESSES 	
Signed and delivered by A, the within named Lessor
	
	Signed and delivered by……………….by Shri……………….  its duly 			authorised official

