AGREEMENT FOR HIRE OF ELECTRIC FAN
	
AN AGREEMENT made at………….this………….day of...................20……between M/s. A B & Sons, a partnership carrying on the business of electrical appliances at…………(hereinafter called the "Owner") of the ONE PART and X son of Y resident of...................(hereinafter called the "Hirer") of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREBY IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:
 
(1) The owner will let on hire to the hirer from the………….day of………….for a period of ………….months, an electric fan No………….of………….make………….Model
 
(2) The owner shall deliver the fan at his own expense at the house of the hirer at………….on the said………….day of..................and the owner or his servants shall instal the said fan in the room of the said house in accordance with the directions of the hirer.
 
(3) The hirer shall during the continuance of hiring pay to the owner at his address for the time being and without previous demand by way of rent for the hire of the said fan, the monthly sum of Rs………….payable in advance, the first payment to be made on the execution of these presents and each subsequent payment on the ………….day of every succeeding month.
 
(4) The hirer during the continuance of the hiring will not sell, assign, mortgage, pledge, underlet, lend or otherwise deal with the said fan but will keep the said fan in his own possession and will not remove the said fan from the place where the said fan is installed without the consent of the owner in writing and will protect the said fan against distress, execution or seizure and indemnify the owner against all losses, costs, charges, damages and expenses incurred by him by
reason or in respect thereof.
 
(5) The hirer during the continuance of the hiring will at his own expense keep the said fan in good and substantial repair and condition (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and will permit the owner or his agents or servants at all reasonable times to have access to the said fan and to inspect the state and condition thereof.
 
(6) The hirer may determine the hiring at any time by ............... days notice in writing to the owner at his address for the time being and by returning the said fan to the owner and shall thereupon pay to the owner all money then payable to him under this agreement.
 
(7) If the hirer shall make default in punctual payment of any monthly rent or shall fail to observe or perform or shall commit any breach of any stipulation or condition binding upon him hereunder, then  the owner may without notice determine the hiring and may retake possession of the said fan and for that purpose, the owner, his servants or agents may enter upon any premises upon or in which the said fan may be believed to be installed.
 
(8) Any time, indulgence or relaxation granted by the owner shall not affect the strict rights of the owner under this agreement.
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement on the day and the year first hereinabove written.
 
WITNESSES	

1	Signed and delivered by M/s. A B & Sons, the within named owner by its partners

2	Signed and delivered by X, the within named hirer

