ANOTHER FORM OF GIFT DEED FOR LOVE AND AFFECTION

THIS DEED of gift is made at……………. on this …………….	day of ……………20……………. between A son of Shri B resident of …(hereinafter called "the Donor") of the ONE PART and C Son of Shri D ……………. resident of (hereinafter called "the Donee") of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS
 
(1) The donor is seized and possessed or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the land with building (hereinafter called "the said property") more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written.
 
(2)The donor is desirous of making a gift of the said property to the donee in consideration of natural love and affection.
 
(3)The donee has signified his acceptance of the gift hereby made by these presents.
 
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:
 
(1) In consideration of his natural love and affection for the donee, the donor hereby transfers, conveys and assures unto the DONEE ALL and singular the said property more particularly described in Schedule  hereunder written together with all rights, privileges, easements, advantages and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said property or any part thereof belonging or in any wise appertaining to or with the same now or heretofore hold, used, occupied or enjoyed or reputed or known as part or member thereof or appurtenant thereof AND ALL the rights, interest, claim, estate and demand whatsoever of the donor into and upon the said property or any part thereof to hold the same unto and to the use of the donee for ever. Subject nevertheless to the payment of all rates, taxes, duties, dues, assessments now or hereafter to become payable to the Government of ……………. Municipal Corporation of …………….	or any other local or public authority in respect thereof. …………….
 
(2)The donee hereby accepts the gift of the said property as testified by him being a party hereto and executing these presents
 
(3)The estimated value of the said property is Rs . …………….
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto set their respective hands the day and year first above written.
 
The Schedule above referred to
(Particulars of property to be gifted)
 
WITNESSES 	
1	Signed and delivered by the above named   A
 
2. 	Signed and delivered by the above named   B

