GIFT TO A PURPOSE WITH A CONDITION FOR REVOCATION

THIS DEED of gift is made at ......... on this day of ............ 2000, between A son of B resident of ............... (hereinafter called "the donor") of the ONE PART and ............ a society registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 and having its registered office at ........... (hereinafter called "the donee") of the OTHER PART. 
WHEREAS the donee is running several schools for girls in the city of .................. and is in need of a suitable building in the .......... for the girls school. 
AND WHEREAS on the appeal made by the Secretary of the donee society, the donor has agreed to donate his building more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written (hereinafter called "the said property") to the said society to be used for the girls school. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS: 
1.                  In pursuance of the said agreement, the donor hereby transfers, conveys, assigns and assures unto and to the use of the donee, and its successors and assigns all that the building more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written to be used solely and exclusively for the purpose of the girls school to have and to hold the same so long as the same shall be used and occupied as a building of the school. 
And that the donee accepts the gift of the said property hereunder made solely and exclusively for the purpose hereinbefore indicated, but subject to the condition that in the event of the donee not using the said property for the purpose hereinbefore or ceasing to so use the same for a continuous period of one year, the said property shall revert to in the donor or his heirs, executors, administrators and representatives and shall form part of his estate as if this deed was never executed.
2. The estimated value of the said property is Rs. .........
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the donor has executed this deed of gift and delivered to the Secretary of the Society, who has been authorized by the managing committee of the society to sign this deed of gift and has signed this deed in token of acceptance thereof. 
Signed and delivered by the within named donor 

 
Signed and delivered by ................ the within named 

donee by the hands of Shri................ Secretary, 
who has been authorized by its managing committee vide 

Resolution passed in the general meeting held on ......... 

WITNESSES;

1.

 

2.
