GIFT BY A PARDANASHIN LADY

THIS DEED of gift is made at …………….	on……………. this…………….day of …………….20……………. between Smt. A widow of late Shri …………….	resident of …………….(hereinafter called "the donor") of the ONE PART and SHRI B son of…………….Shri …………….resident of …………….	(hereinafter called "the donee") of the OTHER PART.
 
WHEREAS
 
(1) The donor is absolutely possessed of or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the land, hereditaments and premises described in the Schedule hereunder written.
 
(2) The donee is the nephew of the donor and he has been brought up as his own son by the late husband of the donor and he is living in the house of the donor as her son and has been looking after the health, interests, property and business of the donor.
 
(3)The late husband of the donor had the wish to gift the land, hereditaments and premises described in the Schedule hereunder written, but he could fulfil his wish as he died in a road accident.
 
(4)The donor has the intention to make the gift of the land, hereditaments and premises described in the Schedule hereunder written to the donee out of regard of his conduct and natural love and affection towards him.
 
(5)The donor has consulted her late husband's legal adviser Shri ……………, who has been advising the donor after the death of the husband adviser byof the donor and she has also consulted her husband's brothers in the matter.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:
 
(1) In consideration of natural love and affection of the donor for the donee and regard of conduct of the donee, the donor hereby voluntarily grants, conveys, transfers and assures unto the donee all and singular	the land, hereditaments and premises described in the Schedule hereunder written together with all fixtures , rights, privileges, easements, advantages and appurtenances whatsoever to the said  land, hereditaments and premises or any part thereof and all the estate, right, interest, claim and demand whatsoever of the donor into and upon the said land, hereditaments and premises or any part thereof to HOLD the same unto and to use for ever absolutely as beneficial owner thereof for himself, his heirs, successors and assigns.
 
(2) The donor has delivered the physical possession of the land, hereditaments and premises described in the Schedule hereunder possession	written to the donee and the donee hereby confirms that he has accepted the gift of the said land, hereditaments and premises hereunder made as testified by him being a party hereto and executing
these presents.
 
(3)The estimated value of the property gifted is Rs ……………..
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the donor and the donee have hereunto set their respective hands the day, month and year first above written.
The Schedule above referred to
 
WITNESSES 
1	Signed and delivered by the within named donor

2. 	Signed and delivered by the within named donee

