GIFT OF PROPERTY FOR HOSPITAL

LET IT BE KNOW TO ALL MEN that I.. s/o .r/o..(hereinafter called the Donor, owner in possession of land described in the schedule annexed herewith, intending to construct and start a hospital in for providing free medical facilities to the poor inhabitants of , desire to donate the aforesaid land to Mr s/o.r/o..(hereinafter called the Donee).
BOTH THE DONOR AND DONEE HEREBY A AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING :
1.      That the donor does hereby and hereunder of his free will and without force, compulsion or undue influence, give, grant, convey and assign the entire land (described in the schedule) unto and to the use of the donee and his successors and heirs for the purposes of a site for construction of the said hospital. To have and hold the same so long as it would be utilized for the purpose for which it has been donated.
2.      That the donee hereby accepts the gift made hereinbefore solely and exclusively fore the purpose mentioned above and subject to conditions hereinbefore stated.
3.      That it is also agreed between the parties that if the land so gifted is not utilized for the purpose for which it has been donated within a span of three years from the date of the execution of this deed of gift or the said hospital is demolished or shifted elsewhere or amalgamated with some other hospital, the present deed of gift shall stand revoked automatically and the land so gifted and all buildings and structures thereon shall revert back to the donor or his heirs and successors as the case may be and shall form part of his former estate as if such deed of gift was never executed.
4.      That the parties further agree with each other that in the event of the land so gifted being required by the Government, the donee and his successors shall be entitled to the compensation shall be reinvested in the purchase of land and construction of the building of the hospital.
5.      That the estimated value of the land so gifted is Rs
IN PROOF WHEREOF the donor has executed this deed and delivered the same to the donee who has also executed the same in token of acceptance thereof on this ..
The schedule referred above signed, sealed and delivered


Sd/-Donor. Sd/-Donee

Witnesses :

1. Sd/- ..
2. Sd/-..
