++++FORM 7C
THE COMPANIES ACT, 1956
Application for extension of time under section 108(1D)
[pursuant to section 108(1D)]
Registration of Companies.
Regional Directors.
Subject : Extension of time under section 108(1D) of the Companies Act, 1956.
Dear Sir,
I beg to apply for extention of time under section 108(1D) of the Companies Act, 1956, and request you to kindly accord the same at an early date.
The brief particulars in respect of my holding are as under:--
Name of the company (with address) whose shares are the subject of transfer 
Name and address of the  applicant seeking extension of time
Number and nominal value of the shares involved  in each instrument of transfer
Name of the transferee
Date of execution of the transfer
Date of expiry of the period of validity of the instrument of transfer in question 
Whether the applicant is still the rightful holder of the transfer forms
Name of the person in whose favour the share stand registered in the books of the company
Reasons given by the applicant for the extension of the time asked for 
Particulars of payment of the application fee
Dated 								Signature: 

INSTRUCTIONS ON THIS APPLICATION

It is made under section 108(1D) of the Companies Act, 1956, and it is presumed that the applicant and other parties to the transfer deed to be revalidated are fully aware of the contents and legal implications related to the matters of transfer of share. If should be complete in all respects and accompanied by necessary fees. Extension of validity will be provided for a specified period from the date of revaluation based on the contents of the application. Responsibility for the truth, correctness and legal validity of this application and the transfer deeds related thereto rests entirely with the applicant and extension will be provided based on this.
Where the transferees are companies, compliance with the provisions of sections 49 and 372 (if applicable) of the Act should be ensured by the applicants to the satisfaction of Registrar of companies.
Payment of fees: Table of fees per each transfer deed.
Nominal face value of shares involved in the transfer deed|Fee payable|
Up to Rs. 5,000|Rs. 25|
Above Rs. 5.000|Rs. 50|

Mode of payment : The amount may be paid in cash at the ROC’s Office or by Bank DD or pay order favouring 			 to be attached to the application.  Particulars of payment such as cash or DD or pay order No. and to be furnished in column No. 10 of the application.
Attestation:-- In case of transfer deeds requiring attestation (in cases like thumb impressions, marks, signature differences, etc.) the attestation may be done on the transfer deed itself by a Magistrate, Special Executive Magistrate, Notary Public or a similar authority holding a public office and authorised to use the seal of his office, member of a recognised stock Exchange through whom the shares are sold or a manager of the transferor’s bank.
Applications can be lodged at the cash counters of the offices of the registers of Companies.]
