TM - 5
TRADE AND MERCHANDISE MARKS ACT, 1958

(Notice  of Opposition to Application for registration of a  Trade Mark,   Section 21 (1),  Rules 51 (2)

In   the  Matter   of   Application No. …………………. in Class …………….. in	  the name  of  …………………….., ……………. c/o …………………,    ……………………. 
				
AND

In   the   matter   of	Opposition   thereto  by …………………………………………….

We,  …………………….., a Company incorporated under  the Indian  Companies Act, 1913 and having its registered  office  at ……………………….. in  the  state  of ……………………,  hereby give notice of our intention to  oppose  the Trade Mark ………………. advertised under the above number in Class ……….. in the Trade Marks Journal No…………….. dated …………….20 ………. at  Page No…………. 

The grounds of opposition are as follows :

1. We  have  been carrying on a well  established  business  as manufacturers  and distributors  of  inter alia   medicinal and    pharmaceutical preparations including    herbal formulations from over more than 3 decades. 

We  are  marketing  and  distributing  our  whole  range  of products through our wide net work of dealers, chemists  and stockists  in India and abroad  under various  Trade  Marks.  Our  products  bearing the various trade marks  enjoy   high reputation and goodwill throughout the country.

2. We are the proprietors of the Trade Mark '…………………’ which  is registered under the Trade and Merchandise Marks Act,  1958, particulars of which are as under :

The  registration  of  the aforesaid  Trade  Mark  has  been renewed  from  time  to  time and  the  same  is  valid  and subsisting as on date.

3. The  said Trade Mark is  in use from last over ………..years  by the Company originally by way of a licence from its original proprietor, ……………... which was merged with the Company in the year 20……….., and hence, the Company is  now the proprietor of the said Trade Mark.  Due to the excellent and  intrinsic quality of the product sold under  the  brand name  ………………..,  it enjoys a high reputation  and  popularity among  the  general  public  and  those  concerned  in the medicinal profession and trade. 

4. We have incurred huge expenses in promoting the sales of the product bearing Trade Mark ………………. in India and as a  result of continuous, uninterrupted and extensive use of the  same, the product has earned a high reputation and goodwill  which is  a  valuable asset for the Company.  The  said  mark  has become  associated with the Company in the minds of  general public  and those  concerned in the medical profession   and trade.   The  product  bearing the Trade  Mark  ……………… has become synonymous as a quality product from …………….. 

5. The  adoption  of  Trade Mark …………….. by  the  applicant  is, therefore, blatantly dishonest and amounts to deliberate and mala fide  attempt to misrepresent and cash on  the  goodwill earned  and enjoyed by our Trade Mark ………………..  The  use  of the  deceptively  similar  Trade Mark by  the  applicant  is likely  to deceive and cause confusion and the  registration of such Trade Marks are barred by the provisions of  Section 11  (a)  and 11 (e) of the Trade &  Merchandise  Marks  Act, 1958. 

6. We  further  state  and submit that the impugned Trade  Mark ………………. constitutes  the  infringement  of  our  well  known registered  Trade Mark ……………… and the applicant's goods are also likely to be passed off as those of ours. 

7. The  goods  in  respect of which the  applicant  is  seeking registration are the same and/ or almost same in respect  of our  Company,  who  are the proprietors of  the  Trade  Mark ……………….. Since  the  channels of  distribution  and  trade through which the goods of the applicant  would pass,  would be  the same, it would result in confusion in the  minds  of the   general  public	and  those  concerned   in   medical profession and trade. 

8. Trade Mark …………… is visually, structurally and phonetically similar  to  our  Trade  Mark  ………………..   This  would  cause confusion and deception since  the use of Trade Mark …………… is  extensive and voluminous. The general public  and  those concerned  in the medical profession and trade are aware  of the existence of our product bearing Trade Mark ………….. and the use of confusingly similar Trade Mark …………….. will  cause irreparable harm to the Company, in addition to the  general public  and  those concerned in the medical  profession  and trade. 

9. For the reasons stated hereinabove, the registration of  the trade  mark  applied  for in the said  application  will  be contrary to the provisions of Section 11 (a), 11 (e),  12(1) and 18 of the Trade & Merchandise Marks Act, 1958.

10. The  applicant's mark  is  only proposed  to  be  used  and, therefore, no harm will  be caused to the applicant if  they voluntarily withdraw their application.

11. In  view of the facts and circumstances  stated  hereinabove and on the grounds and/ or reasons set out in the  foregoing paras  and also to maintain the sanctity of the Register  of Trade  Marks  and  the interest of the  general  public,  we respectfully  submit that this is a fit and proper case  for the exercise of the Registrar's discretion in favour of  the Company by denying the registration of the applicant's mark.  It  is  of  paramount importance that  there  should  be  no confusion in the minds of general public and those concerned in  the  medical profession and trade which would  cause  an adverse  effect on the purchasing public which may  lead  to dangerous consequences. Moreover, the balance of convenience  is in favour of the Company as  the  applicants mark is proposed to be used.

12. We  crave leave to add to and/ or amend or alter any of  the foregoing grounds. Therefore we pray that :

a) This Notice of Opposition is allowed;
b) The  Application for registration of Trade Mark  ………….. under   No………….. be  refused  under  the   Trade   & Merchandise Marks Act, 1958; 
c) That  the discretion vested in the Hon'ble Tribunal  be exercised in favour of the Company; and
d) The cost of these proceedings be awarded to us.

All  communications in relation to these proceedings may  be sent to the following address in India :

Address ……………….
……………………….
……………………….
		
To :
The Registrar of Trade Marks, 
Trade Marks Registry, …………


Address ……………….
……………………….
……………………….

Dear Sir,

Re: Opposition to Application No. …………….. in Class 5 in the name ………………….

Company Code No…………………….

Enclosed  please  Notice  of Opposition  in  form  TM-5,  in triplicate on the above subject.

The necessary fees will be paid by the bearer of this letter in cash.

Kindly acknowledge receipt.

Thanking You,

Yours faithfully,
………………..


