DEED OF PARTITION WITH A CASH  PAYMENT  FOR  EQUALISATION

	THIS DEED OF PARTITION is made on the ……… day of ………… BETWEEN KK, resident of ……………………. of the first part AND RK, resident of ………………………. of the second part AND  SK, resident of ……………………………. of the third part.

	WHEREAS  the parties hereto being in possession as absolute joint  owners in equal share  free  from all  encumbrances  whatsoever  the houses, gardens, lands and premises made part of this deed  have agreed with each other to put  an end to their community  of ownership  and to divide the properties  contained in the said Schedules for the purposes of the same being separately  and individually owned, possessed and enjoyed ;

	AND  WHEREAS  the said KK, who assumed  Karataship of the family now  comprising of the parties   hereto  on ……………, that is, on the death of  JK, father  of the  parties  hereto, has  rendered full  account for  the period  beginning  with the said  ………………, to the date hereof and  no money, claim or charges  are due and owing by any of the parties  hereto against him or any other cosharers.

	AND  WHEREAS  KK is  prepared to  pay  a sum of Rs. …………. to each of the remaining parties  for the purposes of equalising  the shares.

	NOW  THIS DEED  WITNESSES  as follows :

That in pursuance of the said  agreement  and in consideration of premises , the said KK and the said RK  as absolute  owners  hereby transfer  free of all  encumbrances and  their  two-third  shares in the houses, gardens , lands  and premises  and the said SK shall hereinafter  hold the  properties  described  in the Schedule I absolutely and for ever.
2.	That in pursuance  of the said  agreement and  in consideration of the premises  and payment  of the sum of Rs. ………….. each  by KK  to RK   and SK   which  sums the said  RK and SK  hereby  individually  acknowledge  as having  received, said RK and SK hereby transfer  free of all  encumbrances and convey absolutely unto  and to the use of the said KK their two-third share  in the house, grands, lands and premises and the said KK shall  hereafter  hold  the properties  described  in  the  Schedule 2 absolutely and for ever.
3.	That in pursuance  of the  said agreement  and in consideration of the premises, the said SK and the said KK as absolute owner hereby transfer, free of all encumbrances, and convey  absolutely unto and to the use of the said  RK their two-third share in the  houses  gardens, lands and premises  and the said RK   shall hereafter   hold  the properties described  in the Schedule 3 absolutely and for ever.
4.	That  as the documents of titles  mentioned  in list D pertain to the properties  subject of this parties  and are common, it  is hereby  mutually  agreed  that the said   KK  shall as  custodian for and on behalf  of all parties  keep the same upon the express conditions that whenever  needed  by the parties, the said KK  shall produce  the same for inspection of, and allow copies  to be made, if so desired.
That  the value of each share shown in details  in the Schedules  hereto is Rs. ………… which is the value for the purposes of stamp duty.
6.	That this deed  is being  executed  in triplicate, the original stamped copy shall be kept  with said  KK  and   duplicates bearing  the registry  endorsements  by the  remaining  parties.

	IN WITNESS WHEREOF  parties  hereto have signed  this deed  at 
…………  of the …………………...

Witnesses 	:						(Sd)………………..
									(KK)	
1…………………..						(Sd)……………………..
									(RK)
2……………………						(Sd)……………………..
								(SK)
				
		SCHEDULE A (PROPERTY WITH VALUATION)
		SCHEDULE  B(PROPERTY WITH VALUATION)
		SCHEDULE C(PROPERTY WITH VALUATION)
		SCHEDULE D (LIST  OF DUCUMENTS OF TITILE)

