DEED OF APPRENTICESHIP FOR RENOVATION OF CONTRACT OF APPRENTICESHIP EARLIER EXECUTED

	THIS AGREEMENT made at……………on this………day of.........20 ……between M/s………………a partnership firm, registered under the Partnership Act, 1932 and having its place of business at.........  ....	, hereinafter referred to as "the Employer" of the ONE PART, ................, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at……………hereinafter referred to as"the company" of the SECOND PART and Shri A, son of B, residing at...........hereinafter referred to as "the Apprentice" of the THIRD PART,
 
WHEREAS
 
(1) The employer and the apprentice has entered into a contract of apprenticeship on ………………	a copy of which is annexed hereto and	marked as Annexure A (hereinafter referred to as "the said Apprenticeship Contract"), under which the apprentice was to undergo apprenticeship training with the employer for a period of…………years and the employer is unable to fulfill his obligations under the said Apprenticeship Contract due to ..........
 
(2) The employer has approached the company to train the apprentice for the unexpired portion of the period of apprenticeship and the company has agreed to train the apprentice for the unexpired portion of the period of apprenticeship i.e . ………………..months, to which the apprentice has also given his consent.
 
(3) The Apprenticeship Adviser has also approved the proposed arrangement of the renovation of the Contract of apprenticeship vide- letter No ………………dated……………a copy of which is annexed hereto and marked as Annexure B.
 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS:
 
(1) The company hereby agrees to engage the apprentice in the designed trade of ………………	as apprentice for the unexpired period of...........	months apprenticeship training, and the apprentice hereby agrees to serve the company as an apprentice.
 
(2) The apprenticeship training under the Company shall start on..........However, if the apprentice fails to complete the apprenticeship course within the said period or to pass the final test owing to illness or other circumstances beyond his control, the company may extend the period of his apprenticeship until he completes the full apprenticeship course and next test is held, if so required by the Apprenticeship Adviser
 
(3) The company will make suitable arrangements in his factory for imparting apprenticeship training to the apprentice in the designed trade apprentice of ……………….and shall pay an allowance of Rs . …………… per month to the apprentice.
 
(4) The apprentice will work for .............hours daily at the company's factory, will carry out all lawful orders of the superiors in the factory and will not knowingly or by neglect damage any of the company's properties.
 
(5) This agreement shall be registered with the Apprenticeship Adviser and on its registration with the Apprenticeship Adviser, this agreement shall be deemed to be the contract of apprenticeship between the apprentice and the company, and the contract of apprenticeship with the employer and the apprentice shall terminate and no obligation under the contract shall be enforceable at the instance of the apprentice against the employer.
 
(6) In respect of what has not been expressly provided herein, the rights of the parties shall be governed by the provisions of the Apprentices Act, 1961 and the Rules framed thereunder.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their respective hands to these presents on the date, month and year hereinabove written 
 
WITNESSES 
	1.	Signed and delivered by M/s …………… the within named employer, by its 			Managing Partner Shri .................Signed and delivered by………………. the 			within named company by the hand 	of Shri………………..its duly authorised 			executive
	2.	Signed and delivered by A, the within named apprentice
 

