DEED OF CONVEYANCE OF THE REVERSION
THIS DEED OF CONVEYANCE is made at ... this ... day of... between Mr 'A' of... (hereinafter referred to as the 'Vendor') of the One Part and Mr. 'B' of ... (hereinafter referred to as the 'Purchaser) of the Other Part

WHEREAS the Vendor is absolutely seized and possessed of or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the land and premises situate at ... and more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written. subject as hereinafter recited. 

 

AND WHEREAS by a Deed of Lease dated the ... day of ... made between the Vendor therein referred to as the Lessor of the One Part and Mr.... therein referred to as the 'Lessee' of the Other Part and registered under S. No. ... of Book No. I at the Office of the Sub Registrar at ... the Vendor has demised the said land and premises to the Lessee for a period of... years at the annual rent of Rs.... and subject to the covenants, terms and conditions therein mentioned. 

 

AND WHEREAS the Vendor has agreed to sell all his reversionary rights in the said property to the Purchaser at the price of Rs.... and has received from the Purchaser a sum of Rs.... as earnest money on the execution of the said agreement. 

 

AND WHEREAS the Purchaser has requested the Vendor to execute these presents which he has agreed to do. 

 

AND WHEREAS for the purposes of stamp duty the consideration or the market value is fixed at Rs ........ 

 

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH that pursuant to the said agreement and in consideration of the sum of Rs.... paid as earnest money and of the sum of Rs.... paid on or before the execution of these presents, making together the said sum of Rs ..... agreed to be paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor (receipt whereof the Vendor hereby admits). He, the Vendor doth hereby convey and transfer by way of sale unto the Purchaser all that piece of land with the building and structures standing thereon situate at .... In the Registration Sub District of ... and more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written and delineated on the plan thereof hereto annexed by red coloured boundary line TOGETHER WITH ALL the things permanently attached thereto or standing thereon and all the privileges, casements, profits, rights and appurtenances whatsoever to the said land and other premises or any part thereof belonging or anywise appertaining thereto and ALL the estate, rights, title, interest, use, possession, benefit, claim and demand whatsoever at law or otherwise of the Vendor to the said piece of land and other the premises hereby conveyed and every part thereof TO HOLD the same unto and to the use and benefit of the Purchaser absolutely and forever but subject to the said Deed of Lease and the term thereby demised And subject to the covenants. terms and conditions therein contained. and also subject to the payment of all rents, rates, taxes, assessments, dues and duties now chargeable and payable by the Vendor as Lessor and that may become chargeable and payable from time to time hereafter by the Vendor as Lessor in respect of the same to the Government or the Municipal Corporation of ... or any other public body or local authority In respect thereof. 

 

AND the Vendor doth hereby covenant with the Purchaser that, 

 

(1)               The Vendor now has. as reversionary owner, in himself good right and full power to convey and transfer by way of sale the said piece of land, and other the premises hereby conveyed or intended so to be unto and to the use of the Purchaser in the manner aforesaid., 

(2)               The Purchaser may from time to time and at all times but subject to the rights of the said Lessee possess and enjoy the said land, and premises hereby conveyed with its appurtenances, and receive the rents. issues and profits thereof and every part thereof for his own use and benefit without any suit. or interruption, claim and demand whatsoever from or by him the Vendor or his heirs or any of them or by any person or persons claiming or to claim. from under or In trust for him or any of them; 

(3)               The Purchaser shall as reversionary owner hold the said land and premises free and clear and freely and clearly and absolutely exonerated. and forever released and discharged or otherwise by the Vendor and well and sufficiently saved, defended, kept harmless and indemnified of from and against all former and other estates. titles, charges, and encumbrances whatsoever, made. occasioned, and suffered by the Vendor or by any other person or persons claiming or to claim by. from, under or in trust for him; 
(4)               The Vendor and all persons having or claiming any estate. right. title. or Interest in the said land, and premises hereby conveyed or any part thereof by. from. under or in trust for the Vendor or his heirs, executors. administrators or any of them shall and will from time to time and at all times hereafter at the request and costs of the Purchaser do and execute and cause to be done and executed all such further and other lawful acts, deeds, things, In the law whatsoever for the better and more perfectly and absolutely granting the said land, and premises and every part thereof hereby conveyed as reversionary owner unto and to the use of the Purchaser in the manner aforesaid as by the Purchaser, his heirs, executors or administrators and assigns shall be reasonably required. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Vendor has put his hand the day and year first hereinabove written. 

 

THE SCHEDULE ABOVE REFERRED TO
Description of the property)
 

Signed and 'delivered by the withinnamed Vendor Mr... in the presence of 
 

 

RECEIVED the day and year first hereinabove written from the abovenamed Purchaser the sum of Rs ... which together with the sum of Rs... received as earnest money as aforesaid makes up the sum of Rs... being the full consideration to be paid by him to me. 

 

Witnesses 

 

I SAY RECEIVED

 

Vendor. 

 

 

 


