
DEED OF SETTLEMENT UNDER WHICH A SON AGREES TO PAY DOWER DEBT TO HIS FATHERS WIDOW

 

THIS DEED OF FAMILY SETTLEMENT is made at ............ on ............ between a son of B resident of ............. hereinafter called Shri A, of the ONE PART and Smt. C widow of B resident of ............. hereinafter called as Smt. C of the OTHER PART. 

 

WHEREAS B was seized and possessed of the house, fully described in the Schedule hereunder written, hereinafter referred to the said house and the said B died intestate on ......... at ................... 

 

AND WHEREAS the said Smt. C was in the possession of the said house at the time of the death of B and continues to be in possession of the said house and she has demanded the payment of dower debt of Rs. ............. payable to her from the said Shri A, who is entitled to succeed the said house as only legal heir of the said B. 

 

AND WHEREAS the said Shri A is desirous to sell the said house, as he is working in .......... and there is nobody to look after the said house, but the said Smt. C claims to continue in possession of the said house, till her dower debt is paid and due to which differences and disputes have arisen between the parties. 

 

AND WHEREAS the parties are desirous to settle the disputes and differences amicably on the terms and conditions hereinafter stated. 

 

AND WHEREAS the said Smt. C has obtained the independent legal advice from her legal advisers and her brothers, etc. and after considering and understanding the same has given her consent to the settlement. 

 

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS: 

 

1.                  In pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the premises, the said Smt. C will give vacant possession of the said house to said Shri A upon payment of the sum as hereinafter mentioned. 

 

2.                  The said Shri A shall pay Rs. .......... to Smt. C as dower debt on or before .......... and the said Smt. C will renounce all her claims to the said house and Shri A will retain possession of the said house as absolute and exclusive owner thereof. 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set and subscribed their hands to this writing the day and year first hereinabove written. 

 

The Schedule above referred to

 

Signed and delivered by the within named Shri A 

 

Signed and delivered by the withinamed Smt. C 

WITNESSES;

1.

 

2.
