Intimation of loss or destruction etc. of the certificate of registration and application for the issue of duplicate certificate of registration

(To be made in duplicate if the vehicle is held under an agreement of hire-purchase/ hypothecation/lease and the duplicate copy with the endorsement of the Registering Authority to be returned to the Financier simultaneously on the issue of duplicate)
To
The Registering Authority
Sir,
The Certificate of Registration of my/our motor vehicle, the registration mark of which is ........................ has been lost/destroyed/completely written-off/soiled/torn/mutilated in the following circumstances.
I/we hereby declare that to the best of my/our knowledge the registration of the vehicle has not been suspended or cancelled under the provisions of the Act or rules made there under and the circumstances explained above are true.
I/We do hereby apply for the issue of a duplicate certificate of registration.
The written off/soiled/torn/mutilated certificate of registration is enclosed.
The vehicle is not held under any agreement of hire-purchase/lease/ hypothecation.
I/We have reported the loss to the police on ........................ (date).
Date..................
Signature/thumb impression of applicant along with full address.
Strike out whichever is inapplicable.
The vehicle is held under hire-purchase/lease/hypothecation agreement with ........................ and the “No Objection Certificate” obtained from the financier is enclosed.
[Where “No Objection Certificate” is not enclosed applicant shall make a declaration as required under sub-section (8) of Section 51].
Signature of the Owner
Name
Full Address
Specimen signature of the Owner.
(1)
(2)

Note.-(1) Full particulars of the circumstances shall be furnished in the case of loss or destruction of the Registration Certificate.
(2) Strike out whichever is inapplicable.
For Office Endorsement
Number.........dated..........Office of the.........
A duplicate certificate of registration as requested above is issued with the note of agreement of hire-purchase/lease/hypothecation on ........................ and is noted in the original registration records in Form 24.
Signature of the Registering Authority
To
(Name and address of the financier)
By registered post or delivered under      proper acknowledgement.
